---
title: Docusign Apps Launcher for Salesforce Administrator Guide
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=jgh1637077647417.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:08:57Z'
---

# Docusign Apps Launcher for Salesforce Administrator Guide

Learn about the apps that make up the Docusign Apps Launcher package. Find
administrator and user guides for each app.

Important: Depending on your Salesforce plan, some features may not be available.

Docusign Apps Launcher is a unified package of Docusign applications for Salesforce.
Installing any application from the Salesforce AppExchange installs all applications
from the Apps Launcher package.

These applications work together as a platform to unify your business processes:

- Docusign eSignature for Salesforce
- Docusign CLM for Salesforce
- Docusign CLM Essentials for Salesforce
- Docusign Gen for Salesforce
- Docusign Negotiate for Salesforce

The following links open each application's administrator and user guides:

## Docusign eSignature for Salesforce

Close deals faster in Salesforce with Docusign eSignature for Salesforce. Send, sign,
track and save agreements in Salesforce with the most downloaded electronic
signature app on the AppExchange.

- [Docusign eSignature for Salesforce
  Admin Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ozf1586134361192.html&_LANG=enus)
- [Docusign eSignature for Salesforce
  User Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=njj1650785982789.html&_LANG=enus)

## Docusign CLM for Salesforce

Connect and automate the entire contract lifecycle, all within Salesforce. Docusign
CLM for Salesforce helps companies increase renewal rates, improve productivity, and
grow faster. Streamline agreement preparation, versioning, collaboration, and
approvals. Safely and centrally store agreements for easy access and discovery.

- [Docusign CLM for Salesforce
  Administrator Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ysk1643667858834&topicId=evq1576795556979.html&_LANG=enus)
- [Docusign CLM for Salesforce User
  Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qob1643667997351&topicId=wbi1576609984872.html&_LANG=enus)

## Docusign CLM Essentials for Salesforce

Quickly manage contract lifecycles and agreements, collaborate with external
stakeholders, and automate approval and review processes. This efficient contract
management enables higher levels of compliance and faster contract cycles with
collaborators. Contract management processes created in Docusign CLM Essentials can
be transitioned to Docusign CLM or CLM+. These product offerings will help you
continue expanding your organizational contract lifecycle management operations.
They also provide additional metrics and analytics on the processes.

- [Docusign CLM Essentials for
  Salesforce Administrator Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsg1646663268427&topicId=wmt1646684069059.html&_LANG=enus)
- [Docusign CLM Essentials for
  Salesforce User Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=vbw1648698462634&topicId=xbc1648704963087.html&_LANG=enus)

## Docusign Gen for Salesforce

Automate the generation of agreements from Salesforce. Built to be easy-to-use, Gen
accelerates sales cycles by automating the generation of customized sales documents
with just a few clicks from Salesforce.

- [Docusign Gen for Salesforce Admin
  Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=pql1586134255263.html&_LANG=enus)
- [Docusign Gen for Salesforce User
  Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=bpg1586134377111&topicId=dmn1586134370466.html&_LANG=enus)

## Docusign Negotiate for Salesforce

Automate the generation, negotiation and approval of agreements. Built for small
businesses, Negotiate accelerates the creation and negotiation of sales documents
with just a few clicks from Salesforce.

- [Docusign Negotiate for Salesforce
  User Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ygy1586134394050&topicId=szz1586134377425.html&_LANG=enus)
