---
title: 'Step 6: Add a Gen Custom Button to Your Salesforce Layout'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=ldc1586134295945.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:09:00Z'
---

# Step 6: Add a Gen Custom Button to Your Salesforce Layout

Learn to add a Gen custom button to your Salesforce layouts.

Use this procedure to add a Gen custom button to your Salesforce layout:

Tip:
[The beginning of this video explains
this step](https://bcove.video/3mHgtcg).

1. Button Label: Enter a descriptive name to let users know the
   purpose.
2. Page Layouts: Select the check box for each layout you want to
   update.
3. Select Update Layouts.
4. (Optional) Post Generation Actions: Configure e-signature options
   for this template:

   - Enable the Send for Signature button, so generators can send generated
     documents out for signature. This option shows or hides the
     Send for Signature button after users generate documents.
   - Launch automatically after generation. This option opens the
     standard Send with Docusign experience after a user generates a
     document. Users do not need to select the Send for Signature button after
     generating.
   - Select an Envelope Template to streamline sending for
     signature: Enter the name of an envelope template. This option opens the
     envelope template sending experience after document generation.

     Note: You can link a send now envelope template
     to enable a [one-click document generation and sending
     experience](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=sjm1686076461925.html&_LANG=enus).
5. Select Save and Finish.

You have completed the entire process. You built a
Docusign Gen for Salesforce template and added a custom button to Salesforce page layouts.
Approved Gen users can generate contracts from a Salesforce record to save or send for
signature.
