---
title: Learn About Using Group Tags in Gen to Merge Salesforce Data Into Tables
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=nzl1626294504201.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:09:02Z'
---

# Learn About Using Group Tags in Gen to Merge Salesforce Data Into Tables

Learn to use group tags in Word-based Gen templates to merge Salesforce data into
tables.

You can use the Group tag to create separate tables for each product grouped under a
main category.

## Group tag

The Group tag is represented by the `<Group>` XML tag, paired
with the `<EndGroup>` tag.

You can use Group tags to create templates that adjust when your organization adds
and removes products and services.

## Group tag example

You create a Salesforce category of Vehicles with line items
for cars, trucks, and
vans.

You add the `<Group>` tag to your Gen template to create separate tables
for cars, trucks, and vans in generated agreements.

Your organization stops selling vans, but starts selling motorcycles and minivans.
When users generate agreements, the `<Group>` tag removes the
vans table, and only displays tables for motorcycles and minivans.

## Using Table Row tags in Gen templates

Use the following guidelines when creating Group tags:

- Group tag data use an XPath selector.
- Docusign adds output using the context of the selected
  data.
- Place content to be repeated between the `<Group>` and
  `<EndGroup>` tags.
- You can place any merge tag in a Group tag.
- The Select attribute uses an XPath selector to determine
  what data to select.
- The By attribute specifies how to categorize results of
  the Select attribute.

## Supported Group tag XPath

You can use the following XPath in Group tags:

- `<GroupName>` : This tag adds the name of the group
  specified by the By attribute.
- `<GroupItems>`: This tag adds all group items specified by
  the By attribute.

## Group tag attributes

You can use the following attributes in Group tags:

| Attributes | Function |
| --- | --- |
| Select | XPath that selects data from an XML document |
| By | XPath that specifies how to categorize the results from the Select attribute |
