---
title: Federated Security for Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=plx1597758869161.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:09:00Z'
---

# Federated Security for Docusign CLM

Learn about how you can apply Salesforce security settings to your CLM content using
Federated Security.

There are two Docusign CLM apps that you can use in Salesforce:

- Docusign CLM: The current app that is part of the Docusign
  Apps Launcher package of apps
- Docusign Document Management: The legacy CLM app, formerly
  known as SpringCM File It

This article applies to the Docusign CLM app.

See this page for legacy app instructions: [Federated Security for Docusign Document Management (SpringCM File
It)](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=dsa1643667928464&topicId=fmk1599229525077.html&_LANG=enus).

You can use Federated Security to apply Salesforce security to content in your CLM
account. Federated Security lets you manage CLM security from Salesforce without needing
to set separate permissions.

Federated Security applies Salesforce Profile or
Role security to all CLM content. When you update security
settings in Salesforce, CLM content security also updates.

You can find Federated Security settings on the CLM Admin page.

Warning:

- Do not refresh a Salesforce organization with Federated Security applied
- Do not connect a Salesforce organization to a different CLM account when
  Federated Security is applied

[You must follow these steps before you refresh or
reconnect](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=ytt1602710410891.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about best practices for refreshing a Salesforce organization with Federated Security enabled."). Failure to do so destroys all CLM file security, and you must
rebuild the entire CLM directory.

Note: Federated Security cannot be applied to CLM reports because you can
only run reports in your CLM account.

**Example**: A user has no access to the
Finance folder in Salesforce. That user has
View access to the Finance folder in
CLM. The user runs a report in the CLM account. The user sees documents from the
Finance folder in the report results. Federated security does not apply because you
cannot run the CLM report in Salesforce.
