---
title: Connect a Docusign Production Account to Salesforce
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=qnq1614667628308.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:08:57Z'
---

# Connect a Docusign Production Account to Salesforce

Learn to connect your Salesforce organization to your Docusign
production account.

## Before you begin

[Install Docusign Apps Launcher in Your Salesforce Organization](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=ogj1586134254571.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to install the Docusign Apps Launcher package of apps in your Salesforce organization.")

To use Docusign applications, you must connect a Docusign
account to your Salesforce organization. You create this connection by entering
Salesforce and Docusign administrator credentials on the
Docusign Setup page. The Docusign
administrator used to connect accounts is called the integration user.

Note:

- Docusign recommends that you create a generic integration
  user. For more information, see this topic: [Apps Launcher Integration User Best Practices](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=rhi1657226496755.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how best to manage the integration user that connects your Salesforce and Docusign accounts.").
- Docusign does not support connecting multiple Salesforce
  organizations to a single Docusign account.

Use this procedure to connect your Salesforce organization to a Docusign
production account:

1. Complete the following from the Authorize page:
   1. Select Allow Access and choose
      Allow on the dialog box that opens.
   2. Enter Salesforce administrator credentials in the dialog box that opens
      and select Log In.

   The Log in to Docusign page opens.
2. Complete the following steps on the Log in to Docusign
   page:
   1. Select Log in to Docusign. The Docusign Login
      dialog box opens.
   2. Enter Docusign administrator credentials in the
      dialog box that opens and select Log in.
   3. Re-enter Salesforce administrator credentials in the dialog box that
      opens and select Log In.

   The Select an account dialog box opens.
3. Select Account: Choose a Docusign
   account and select Next.

   The Docusign Setup page opens.

You have completed the process. You have connected your
Salesforce organization to your Docusign production account. You can
set up your Docusign Apps Launcher applications.
