---
title: Create Gen Templates to Automate Your Contract Process
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=zgw1621457735347.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:09:00Z'
---

# Create Gen Templates to Automate Your Contract Process

Learn to build Docusign Gen templates to automate your contract
generation process.

You can build Docusign Gen templates to automate your contract
generation process. Gen templates create agreements by merging Docusign and Salesforce fields to a Word document that you upload.
When users select the Gen button, Docusign generates an agreement
based on the record data.

Important: To create a template, [grant Generator status to your
Docusign user](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=doi1628107496987.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to edit the permissions of Gen, CLM, Negotiate, or eSignature for Salesforce users.").

You can create the following types of Gen templates:

[Microsoft Word Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=lig1586134209279.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to build a Gen template using a Microsoft Word document.")
:   Build a Gen template using Microsoft Word. Copy Salesforce and Docusign fields from Gen into a Word document. Then upload
    the document to your Gen template.

    Benefit: More
    flexibility. This method gives you the most flexibility
    when building a template. You can use custom XML code to add custom
    tables, filters, and conditional logic to your template.

    Drawback: More manual work. You must
    copy and paste fields between Salesforce and Word and upload your Word
    document to the Gen template.

[Agreement Cloud Editor Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=bcp1586134298132.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create a Gen template with the Docusign Agreement Cloud Editor.")
:   Build a Gen template using the Docusign Agreement Cloud
    Editor. Drag Salesforce and Docusign fields directly to an
    editable in-browser document.

    Benefit: Ease of use.
    You create templates in your browser without leaving Salesforce. You do
    not need to copy and paste anchor text into a Word
    document.

    Drawback: Less flexibility. You
    can not use some of the more advanced XML options in Word. You can still
    create tables, filters, and conditional logic with some limitations.

[Gen for Billing Word Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=ldc1610646513281.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create Gen for Billing templates to generate invoices from a Salesforce record automatically or from a custom button.")
:   Build a Word Gen template based on the Salesforce
    Invoice object. You can choose to have invoices
    generate automatically when a record changes status to
    Posted. You can also create a custom button to let
    users generate an invoice manually.

    Note: Only Gen for
    Salesforce Billing customers can use this option.

[Person Account Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=ird1636867371186.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to build a Gen template using the Salesforce Person Account object.")
:   Build a Word Gen template based on the Salesforce Person
    Account object.

    Docusign cannot
    display the Person Account object when you select a Salesforce data
    source at the start of the template creation process. You must select
    Account as the data source and manually add a custom button to the
    Person Account layout.

[Clone a Gen Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=rwn1586134208474.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to clone a Gen template to create a new template that is similar to an existing one.")
:   Copy or "clone" a Docusign Gen template. Cloning is
    helpful if you want to create a new template similar to an existing
    template.

[One-Click Generation and Sending Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=sjm1686076461925.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to build a one-click generation and sending experience for generating a contract and sending it for signature.")
:   Link a send now envelope template to a Gen template.
    When users select the button on a record, Docusign creates
    a document and sends it for signature. Docusign does not
    allow input from the sender in this experience.
