---
title: Learn About Using Table Row XML Tags in Gen to Import Salesforce Data
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gab1637077302276&topicId=zou1626292813473.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:09:01Z'
---

# Learn About Using Table Row XML Tags in Gen to Import Salesforce Data

Learn about using table row XML tags to import Salesforce data into a generated
agreement.

You can use table row XML tags in Word-based Gen templates to import Salesforce data into a
generated agreement.

## Table Row tag

The Table Row tag is represented by the <TableRow> XML tag. You
use a Table Row tag in a table that you add to your Word-based Gen template. When
users generate agreements, Table Row tags dynamically add a row for each unique
piece of record data.

## Table Row tag example

You add a Table Row tag to your Gen template. A user generates an agreement from a Salesforce
record that has five product fields. Docusign adds five table rows
to the generated agreement; one for each product.

## Using Table Row tags in Gen templates

You create custom tables in Word by copying tags from a Gen template and pasting them
after a table row header. Use the following guidelines when creating Table Row
tags:

- Place Table Row tags at the beginning of the first cell of the table.
- The Select attribute adds a new row in the table for each match that it
  finds.
- The Select attribute adds rows in order of the values that it finds on a
  record.
- If you place all merge tags inside of a table row, Docusign
  adds them based on their rules.
- You can place any merge tag in a table row.
- You can place multiple Table Row tags in a single table.
- You can nest Table Row tags. Copy a table that contains a Table Row tag and
  paste it inside the cell of another table.
- You can use an unlimited number of rows in a Microsoft Word table.
- <# <TableRow … /> #> must always be the first element on
  a table row, with no leading spaces.
- A single table cannot contain both Table Row and Table Column tags.

## Table Row attributes

You can use the following attributes in <TableRow> tags:

| Attribute | Function |
| --- | --- |
| Select | XPath to select data from an XML document |
| Tag | Can be any String value |
| TagRef | Used with a Tag attribute placed on a Repeat, Table Row, or Table Column tag |
| TrackName | Specific to Term Sync |

## Suppress Table Row tag

The Suppress Table Row tag is represented by the
<SuppressTableRow> XML tag. You use a Suppress
Table Row tag in a table you add to your Word-based Gen template. When users
generate agreements, Suppress Table Row tags dynamically hide rows based on record
data. Suppress Table Row tags are useful when a record has no data in a field. You
can also use Suppress Table Row tags to hide data from certain recipients.

## Suppress Table Row example

You add a Suppress Table Row tag to your Gen template. A user generates an agreement from a
Salesforce record with a row for a Service Add-On. The record's Service Add-On field
contains no data. Docusign does not add the Service Add-On row to
the generated agreement.

## Using Suppress Table Row tags in Gen templates

You create custom tables in Word by copying tags from a Gen template and pasting them
after a table column header. Use the following guidelines when creating Suppress
Table Row tags:

- <SuppressTableRow> removes an entire row from a table.
- <SuppressTableRow> attributes are identical to Conditional tag attributes.
- Docusign removes the entire table if the row to be suppressed is the only
  one on the record.

## Suppress Table Row attributes

You can use the following attributes in <SuppressTableRow> tags:

| Attribute | Function |
| --- | --- |
| Select | XPath used to select data from an XML document |
| Match | Table row is suppressed (removed) if the data returned matches this value |
| NotMatch | Table row is suppressed (removed) if the data returned does not match this value |
| Test | Conditional option based on Boolean logic |
| TagRef | Used with a Tag attribute placed on a Repeat, Table Row, or Table Column tag |
