---
title: Rule Examples for the AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=mapfd7284e6-b699-4527-8651-a133914111fd&topicId=bga1726768437395-xfh0ne6r.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T17:48:41Z'
---

# Rule Examples for the AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk

Read about more examples for playbook rules in the Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk.

Here are some more examples of well-written playbook rules for the Docusign AI-Assisted Review Add-In for Agreement Desk.

## NDA Playbook Example

This is an example of rules for an NDA playbook. The example is provided for information
purposes only, and is not a substitute for legal advice.

- The purpose of the NDA needs to be limited to exploring a potential business
  opportunity.
- Confidential Information will not include any information that: (i) is or
  becomes publicly known without breach of this Agreement; (ii) is already in the
  possession of, or lawfully known by, the receiving party at the time of
  disclosure by the disclosing party; (iii) is received from another source who
  can disclose it lawfully and without an obligation to keep it confidential; or
  (iv) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of, or
  reference to, the disclosing party’s Confidential Information.
- Confidential information should be limited to non-public information.
- Each party will only use or disclose the other party’s Confidential Information
  as expressly allowed under this Agreement and for purposes of the business
  relationship between the parties.
- Each party will not disclose the other party’s Confidential Information to third
  parties without the other party’s prior written consent.
- Each party will take reasonable measures to protect the other party’s
  Confidential Information. Such measures must be at least as protective as those
  taken to protect its own Confidential Information.
- A party will notify the other party promptly upon discovery of any unauthorized
  disclosure or access to or use of the other party’s Confidential Information and
  will cooperate with the other party to help regain control of the Confidential
  Information and prevent further unauthorized disclosure or use of it.
- Each party may share Confidential Information with its representatives if they
  are also under a NDA and if the recipient is responsible for the
  representative’s use of this confidential information.
- A party may disclose the other party’s Confidential Information if required by
  applicable law or to comply with a court order or other governmental demand that
  has the force of law if, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the
  receiving party promptly notifies the disclosing party of that obligation prior
  to production so the disclosing party may seek a protective order or other
  remedy.
- Nothing in this Agreement will obligate either party to proceed with any
  transaction between them, and each party reserves the right, in its sole
  discretion, to terminate the discussions contemplated by this Agreement.
- All confidential information is provided "as is" and with all faults. Neither
  party makes any warranties, express, implied or otherwise regarding the
  accuracy, completeness, or performance of its confidential information.
- The disclosing party will not be liable for any loss, harm, or other damages
  arising out of the use of, or reliance on, any Confidential Information.
- Upon the disclosing party’s request, the receiving party will promptly return or
  destroy the disclosing party’s Confidential Information, without retaining any
  copies, except that (a) copies may be retained for record retention purposes
  only, and (b) neither party is required to destroy electronic copies of
  materials or summaries containing or reflecting Confidential Information that
  are automatically generated through data backup or archiving systems that are
  not readily accessible.
- If Confidential Information is retained for records retention purposes or
  through standard electronic back up purposes, such Confidential Information
  shall remain covered by the protections provided herein for the duration of its
  retention unless it becomes exempt.
- All confidential information remains the property of the disclosing party.
- The NDA may be terminated for convenience at any time.
- A party’s confidentiality obligations last for 3 years following the date the
  receiving party receives the confidential information unless it’s otherwise
  explicitly protected under this agreement.
- Parties relationship must be stated as independent contractors.
- In the event of a breach of this agreement, a party may seek specific
  performance (including injunctive relief) in any court of competent
  jurisdiction.
- The agreement must be governed by Delaware law, without reference to conflict of
  laws principles.
- This agreement may not be assigned without the other party’s consent.
