---
title: Install the AI-Assisted Review Add-In for Agreement Desk
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=mapfd7284e6-b699-4527-8651-a133914111fd&topicId=con7dae9192-c00f-4290-abb2-11b9068012b3.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T17:48:41Z'
---

# Install the AI-Assisted Review Add-In for Agreement Desk

Learn how to install the Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk.

Installing the Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk enables contract clause corrections, suggestions, and markup. Once a contract has been analyzed, the add-in can be used to add and generate terms, and answer contract-related questions. Suggestions can be inserted in place within the contract and saved for sharing with stakeholders.

Individual users should install AI-Assisted Review from Microsoft Marketplace. Navigate to the page for the [Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Microsoft Word on Microsoft Marketplace](https://appsource.microsoft.com/en-us/product/office/WA200007813), and select Get it now to install the add-in. You will be prompted to sign in to Microsoft to complete the installation.

Alternatively, administrators can install the add-in for their organization through the Microsoft 365 Admin Center. Deploying the add-in through the Admin Center will make it available to selected users and groups. For more information on installing the add-in through the Microsoft 365 Admin Center, see [Deploy your Office Add-ins](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/manage/office-addins?view=o365-worldwide#deploy-your-office-add-ins). Even when deploying centrally, administrators will reference the store listing.

Once installed, see Review Contracts Using the Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk for instructions on how to use the add-in to review contracts.

Note: Mobile, web, and tablet versions of Microsoft Word are not supported for this add-in. For managed installations of the add-in, a license of Office that includes Exchange and Office 365 for Desktop is required. The Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk supports the following versions of Microsoft Office and Microsoft Word;

- Office on Windows (build 16.0.16130+, connected to an active Microsoft 365 subscription)
- Office 2021 or later on Windows (or versions greater than 2019 on a retail license after installing the correct WebView)
- Office on Mac (build 16.70+, connected to an active Microsoft 365 subscription)
- Office 2019 or later on Mac
