---
title: Contract Review With the AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=mapfd7284e6-b699-4527-8651-a133914111fd&topicId=con96376399-7388-4391-aeea-dc1978e3a034.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T17:48:41Z'
---

# Contract Review With the AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk

Read about the features available in the Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk.

The Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk is a powerful tool for contract review and analysis. AI-Assisted Review hosts a range of features that simplifies contract review for your business.

AI-Assisted Review can be used to review agreements with conversational Al, answer contract-related questions, analyze terms, suggest edits, and draft new language in a single interface. Custom playbooks can be created for any agreement type or position to enable situation-specific contract review.

Note:

- AI-Assisted Review is available on IAM for Enterprise and IAM for Sales plans. For more details on availability and features for your Docusign IAM plan, see [Support for AI-Assisted Review in Agreement Desk Plans](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mapfd7284e6-b699-4527-8651-a133914111fd&topicId=con74e34c35-eb00-48d8-a66b-5723cf2a8273.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about the features and permissions that are available through Agreement Desk plans for AI-Assisted Review.").
- Only certain types of user permission profiles have the ability to view, create, run, and edit playbooks. For more information about user permission profiles for playbooks, see Set Playbook Permissions for the Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk.
- If issues are encountered while using AI-Assisted Review, reload the add-in to see if it solves the issue. For all issues with AI-Assisted Review, [contact Docusign Support](https://support.docusign.com/s/contactSupport?language=en_US).
- AI-Assisted Review can only be used with DOCX files. Macros and content control are not supported in AI-Assisted Review, and may cause errors.
