---
title: Best Practices for Playbook Rule Writing in the AI-Assisted Review add-in for
  Agreement Desk
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=mapfd7284e6-b699-4527-8651-a133914111fd&topicId=fje1726766463553-fwcby1ke.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T17:48:41Z'
---

# Best Practices for Playbook Rule Writing in the AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk

Learn about best practices and guidance for writing playbook rules in the Docusign AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk.

There are several ways to start creating your playbook for AI-Assisted Review. If you don’t have a playbook, you can begin building one by following these suggestions:

1. List the top 5-10 items you often or always review in your most common legal reviews.
2. Review each section, noting rules where you know requirements exist.
3. Look at a recently reviewed document and see what edits you made. If these happen at least occasionally, they are good candidates for a playbook rule.

Users with the proper permissions can also use AI-Assisted Review to generate a playbook from an uploaded document. For more information on generating playbooks using AI, see [Generate Playbooks Using the AI-Assisted Review add-in for Agreement Desk](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mapfd7284e6-b699-4527-8651-a133914111fd&topicId=tsk76dfc02e-b1f2-4ebe-8a05-0efbfa622c0b.html&_LANG=enus).

Note: AI-Assisted Review currently supports AI-powered review of agreements in English, French, German, Spanish, and Brazilian Portuguese. The add-in will automatically detect the most commonly occurring language in a document, and return suggested edits in that language. We recommend that your document, playbook, and Chat input language match, to ensure consistent results. For example, users should review French language agreements using French language playbooks, and French language Chat input.
