---
title: Upload a File to Docusign Files
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=bpg1586134377111&topicId=eto1586134371953.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:20:56Z'
---

# Upload a File to Docusign Files

Learn how to upload files from your device to the Docusign Files
section of a Salesforce record.

Follow this procedure to upload files from your device to the Docusign
Files section of a Salesforce record.

Important: You must have Docusign Negotiate Negotiator permissions to use this
feature.

1. Open a Salesforce record (Account, Opportunity, and so on.)
2. Select Import in the Docusign Files section
   of the page.

   The Import Files dialog box opens.
3. Choose an import method:

   - Choose from Salesforce Files: Add a Salesforce document to
     Docusign Files:
     1. Select Choose from Salesforce Files. The Select a File
        dialog box opens.
     2. Select the check the box next to a document. **You can only import one file at
        a time.**
     3. Select Import. The New Document Added dialog box
        opens.
   - Upload from PC: Add a file from your device:
     1. Select Upload from PC. The Upload File dialog box
        opens.
     2. Select Upload. Follow the prompts to upload the file from
        your device.
     3. Select Import. The New Document Added dialog box
        opens.
4. (Optional) Send the document:

   - Send for External Review: Send to a recipient outside of your
     Salesforce organization
   - Send for Approval: Send to a recipient in your Salesforce
     organization
   - Send for Signature: Send to a recipient for signature
   - Done: Take no action and close the dialog box

   The file displays in the Docusign Files section of the
   Salesforce record when you refresh the page.

You have completed the process. You have added files to
the Docusign Files component. Any sending actions that you started are
in-progress.
