---
title: Use External Review to Send Docusign Files to Recipients Outside Your Organization
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=bpg1586134377111&topicId=gqt1586134379833.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:20:57Z'
---

# Use External Review to Send Docusign Files to Recipients Outside Your Organization

Learn to send a document for external review from the Docusign Files section of a
Salesforce record.

Use this procedure to send a document for external review from the Docusign
Files section of a Salesforce record:

Note:

- Only customers of both Docusign Gen and Docusign Negotiate can send documents for
  external review
- You can only send a document for external review to a Salesforce contact

1. Select External Review from the drop-down menu.

   The Select Reviewer dialog box opens.
2. Complete the following in the Select Reviewer dialog box:

   1. Add a Reviewer: Enter the name or email address of a
      **Salesforce contact**.
   2. (Optional) Set a Due Date: Select this field and pick a date
      from the calendar.
   3. Select the Next button.

   The Personalize Your Message dialog box opens.
3. Complete the following in the Personalize Your Message dialog box:

   1. Subject: Keep or change the text of the email subject.
   2. Message: Keep or change the text of the email message.
   3. Select the Send button.

   The Personalize Your Message dialog box closes. A banner
   opens: Your document has been sent for review and copied to Docusign
   Files. The file appears in the Docusign Files section with a
   Pending Review status.

You have completed the process. You have sent the file
to a Salesforce contact. This contact can view, download, and edit this document.
