---
title: Use the One-Click Generation and Sending Experience
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=bpg1586134377111&topicId=wbn1686090714552.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:20:56Z'
---

# Use the One-Click Generation and Sending Experience

Learn to use a Gen and Send button to generate a document and send it for signature with
one click.

## Before you begin

Your administrator must grant Docusign
Generator permissions to your Docusign user.

"Gen and Send" is an experience that lets you generate a document and send
it for signature with one click. Your administrator creates this experience by
linking a Gen template with an envelope template. You select the button and Docusign generates a document based on the record's data and sends it to envelope template
recipients.

Use this procedure to generate a document and send it for signature with a
Gen and Send button:

1. Open a Salesforce record containing a Gen and Send custom button. Your
   administrator decides the button name.
2. Select the Gen and Send button.

   Docusign generates a document based on the record's data and sends it to
   the envelope template recipients. A message opens: Sent for
   Signature.

You have completed the process. You have generated a document
based on that record’s data and sent it to envelope template recipients. When all
recipients complete the signing process, the finished contract saves to your Docusign account and the Salesforce record.
