---
title: Docusign eSignature for Salesforce Glossary of Terms
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=bvz1586134252524.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:40Z'
---

# Docusign eSignature for Salesforce Glossary of Terms

Learn about key terms used in the Docusign eSignature for Salesforce
app.

## eSignature for Salesforce terminology

Anchor text A literal character string indicated by the user to
perform an action on or replace with another specified data or data input.

Bulk document creation A configuration with multiple template
documents associated with it that generates all documents at once when used.

Data fields Specific information, such as quantities, characters, or
symbols, stored in electronic or digital format, relating to a record of a specific
type.

Data source The location from which data being used or merged
comes.

Docusign Gen users Users who will have access to a Docusign Gen account as users or administrators.

Docusign fields Elements designed by Docusign that
your recipients can use to sign or enter in specific data when you send a document for
signature. Optionally, Docusign fields can also be used to update data in
Salesforce when the information is changed by a signer. Examples: Signature, Signature date,
Title.

Importing merge fields Selecting merge fields from your existing
templates, such as Docusign, to include in template configurations.

Main data source The Salesforce object from which the document
generation action initiates. For example, if you choose Opportunity to be your main data
source, you’ll be able to pull any data from that object as well as from related objects,
such as Account or Opportunity Line Items.
