---
title: 'Step 2: Add Recipients to Your Envelope (Envelope Template)'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=dfp1596477842847.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:37Z'
---

# Step 2: Add Recipients to Your Envelope (Envelope Template)

Use this procedure to add recipients to the envelope. You can add recipients from your
Salesforce organization, from Docusign or by entering a name and email address.

You can add recipients from your Salesforce organization, from Docusign or
by entering a name and email address. [Follow these rules if you want to edit envelope template recipients](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=uig1740079031042.html&_LANG=enus).

Use this procedure to add recipients to the envelope:

1. Select the Add Recipient button. The Add Recipient
   dialog box opens.
2. Add a recipient to your envelope:

   1. Select a recipient type from the left column:
      - From Salesforce: Enter the name of a
        Salesforce user or contact
      - By Name & Email: Enter any name and
        email address
      - Signing Group: Add a group of recipients
        from the connected Docusign account
   2. Action: Select a recipient action from the drop-down menu.
   3. (Optional) Select any option:
      - Delivery: [Send an envelope by email or
        SMS](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=psq1595994131623.html&_LANG=enus) (text message)

        Note:
        Allow SMS Delivery must be
        enabled in your account.
      - Add Role: Add a placeholder title (like
        Approver) that allows the sender to specify a name and email
        address later
      - Add Access Authentication
        - SMS/Phone: Send an access code to
          a recipient's mobile device to add an extra layer of
          security to the signing process
        - Access Code: Create a code that a
          recipient must enter to start the signing process
      - Add Private Message: Send a message to
        just this recipient or group
   4. Select the Select button.

   The Add Recipient dialog box closes. The recipient appears in the
   Recipients list.
3. (Optional):

   - Email Subject: Enter up to 100 characters of
     text.
   - Email Message: Enter up to 2,000 characters of
     text.
   - Reminders: Set the number of days between
     recipient reminders from the drop-down menu
   - Expiration: Enter the number of days before the
     envelope expires
4. Select the Next button in the upper-right of the page.

   The Docusign eSignature place fields page opens.

You have completed step two. Move to [Step 3](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=xmx1596487118055.html&_LANG=enus).
