---
title: Add Sending Options to an Envelope Template Recipient
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=dli1612207739511.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:38Z'
---

# Add Sending Options to an Envelope Template Recipient

Learn how to add the role, access code, filter, private message, in-person signing, SMS,
or sign now options when creating an envelope template recipient.

You can add custom options to any recipient in the Add Recipient dialog box.

Use this procedure to add recipient options to an envelope template:

Note: You can also use
this procedure on the Recipients step when sending an envelope.

1. Select the name of the recipient you want to update

   The Add Recipient dialog box opens.
2. Add any option to your recipient:

   - Add Role: Add a placeholder title (like Approver)
     that allows the sender to specify a name and email address later
   - Delivery
     - Email: Send an envelope to a recipient by
       email.
     - Email + SMS: Send an envelope to up to
       four recipients by email and text message. This Delivery menu
       only appears for customers with Allow SMS
       Delivery and Signer can sign on a
       mobile device enabled.

       Important: You must enter a
       space between the country code and the phone
       number.
   - Add Filter: Add recipients based on [a set of conditions being met or not
     met](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=gkj1612219694379.html&_LANG=enus "You can add filters to Related Lists recipients in the Add Recipient dialog box of a Docusign envelope template. This allows you to only add Related List recipients to an envelope if certain conditions are met.")
   - Make the Sender Host: The person who sends the
     envelope becomes the host of the in-person signing session
   - Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign Now): The sender is asked to
     sign their own envelope immediately after sending it
   - Add Name and Email: Specify the name and email
     address of a recipient
   - Add Access Authentication
     - SMS/Phone: Send an access code to a
       recipient's mobile device to add an extra layer of security to
       the signing process
     - Access Code: Create a code that a
       recipient must enter to start the signing process
   - Add Private Message: Send a message to just this
     recipient or group
3. Select the Add button.

   The Add Recipient dialog box closes.
4. Select the Save and Close button.

You have completed the process. You have added or edited a
recipient action in your envelope template.
