---
title: I Cannot Link an Envelope Template to a Gen Template
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=hea1650558720593.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:40Z'
---

# I Cannot Link an Envelope Template to a Gen Template

Learn to fix the issue that prevents linking an envelope template and Gen
template.

I built a Gen template and tried to link it to an envelope template. On the Create
Button page, I searched in the Envelope
Templates field. The envelope template that I wanted to link did not
display in the results.

I built the Gen template and envelope templates on the Opportunity object, so I should be able
to link them.

## Resolution 1: Switch to a New Source Object and Switch Back

Cause: Docusign is not reading the Gen
template data source correctly.

Use this procedure to fix the issue:

1. [Open the Gen template Select
   Source page as a Salesforce administrator](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=ktj1621660808301.html&_LANG=enus).
2. Select a different object from the Salesforce
   Object dropdown menu and select
   Next.
3. Select Back.
4. Select the original object from the Salesforce
   Object dropdown menu and select Save and
   Close.
5. [Open the Gen template Create
   Button page](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=way1621663319299.html&_LANG=enus).
6. Envelope Templates: Search for and select your
   envelope template.
7. Select Save and Close.

   You have completed the process. You have reset the source object
   in your Gen template. You can link the envelope template in the
   Create Button step.

## Resolution 2: Use the Developer Console to Fix the Error

Cause: Docusign is not reading the Gen
template data source correctly.

Use this procedure to fix the issue:

1. [Open the Salesforce Developer
   Console](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=platform.code_dev_console.htm&type=5).
2. Update the dfsle\_SourceObjectc on an affected
   dfsleGenTemplate\_c to the correct Application
   Programming Interface (API) value.

   You have completed the process. You used the Developer Console
   to reset the source object in your Gen template. You can link the
   envelope template in the Create Button
   step.
