---
title: Send an Envelope From a Mobile Browser
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=jny1660579105302.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:37Z'
---

# Send an Envelope From a Mobile Browser

Learn how to send a Docusign envelope from a browser on your mobile device.

## Before you begin

You can send a Docusign envelope from a Salesforce record using the browser on your mobile
device.

Here are the mobile browsers you can use to send a Docusign envelope:

- Google Chrome
- Safari

Note: If you see an error message, your envelope will not
send. Tell your Salesforce administrator if you see either of these error
messages:

- At least one document is required
- Failed to send documents. No recipient found. Contact your
  administrator for help.

Log in to Salesforce on your mobile browser and follow these steps to send a Docusign envelope from a Salesforce record:

1. Open a Salesforce record (Account, Opportunity and so on.)
2. Select the Docusign eSignature custom button.
3. One of two actions will follow, depending on the type of template used:

   - Send now: The envelope sends without input from
     you.

     A message opens: Sent for Signature. The
     screen refreshes to the Salesforce record.
   - Quick send: [You are presented with the quick send
     sending experience.](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ygy1586134394050&topicId=wji1611295987221.html&_LANG=enus)

You have completed the process. You have sent a Docusign envelope
from a Salesforce record using a browser on your mobile device. The signed document is
added to the Salesforce record when all recipients complete the signature
process.
