---
title: 'Envelope Template Error When Creating Merge Fields: “Failed To Connect to
  the Salesforce Service.”'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=mez1622585496682.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:40Z'
---

# Envelope Template Error When Creating Merge Fields: “Failed To Connect to the Salesforce Service.”

Disconnect and reconnect your Docusign account and Salesforce organization to reset
the connection. This will fix the issue.

When I try to add merge fields to a Docusign envelope template, I see one or more of
these error messages:

- Save Error: Some fields might be out of sync.
- Unable to connect to the service.
- Failed to connect to the Salesforce service.

**Steps to Reproduce**:

1. Select the Docusign Envelope Templates tab.
2. Click the Edit button in the upper-right of the
   page.
3. Select the Merge Fields tab.
4. Select the Add Field button.
5. Immediately click the Save and Close button on the
   Documents page.

   **Result**: I see an error message: Save Error:
   Some fields might be out of sync. Unable to connect to the service.
   Failed to connect to the Salesforce service.. I am unable to
   add new merge fields.

## Resolution: Disconnect and reconnect your Docusign account and your Salesforce organization

1. Select the [Disconnect](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=ntr1586134210309.html&bundleId=izj1586134369853&_LANG=enus) link on the
   Docusign Setup tab in Salesforce.
2. Select the [Log in to Docusign](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=zfp1586134208988.html&bundleId=izj1586134369853&_LANG=enus)
   button.

   You have completed the process. You have reset the connection
   between your Docusign account and Salesforce organization. You can now
   add merge fields to a Docusign envelope template.
