---
title: CCRM Scripting in My URLFOR Button Does Not Reassign Roles for CRCL Entries
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=npe1654205696619.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:40Z'
---

# CCRM Scripting in My URLFOR Button Does Not Reassign Roles for CRCL Entries

Learn about a known issue that prevents CCRM scripting from reassigning roles for CRCL
entries.

I have a problem with my URLFOR custom button that uses CCRM scripting for CRCL
entries.

When I try to use the button to assign Docusign roles to custom Salesforce objects,
it fails.

I am unable to use the URLFOR custom button in my Salesforce organization.

Note:

- CCRM: Custom Contact Role Map
- CRCL: Custom Related Contact List

**Steps to Reproduce**:

1. Create a custom Salesforce object for use with CRCL scripting.
2. Create three CRCL entries with three different Salesforce roles:
   - Influencer
   - Business User
   - Evaluator
3. Create a custom button in Salesforce with this URLFOR script:
   {!URLFOR('/apex/dfsle\_\_CustomEnvelopeCreation', null, [sId =
   Case.Id, CRCL =
   'CRCLs\_\_r,Email~Email\_\_c;FirstName~FirstName\_\_c;LastName~LastName\_\_c;Role~Role\_\_c',
   CCRM = 'Evaluator~Signer 1;Influencer~Signer 2;Decision Maker~Signer 3'
   ])}
4. Add the custom button to a Salesforce layout.
5. Select the custom button on a record to run the URLFOR script.

   **Expected
   result**: The three custom Salesforce roles are reassigned to their
   respective Docusign roles.

   **Result**: The custom roles are not
   reassigned.

Important: There is currently no remedy for this. This
issue will be fixed in a future release.
