---
title: I Still Have Problems Adding Merge Fields to an Envelope Template After Disconnecting
  and Reconnecting Docusign and Salesforce
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=nug1622604076814.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:40Z'
---

# I Still Have Problems Adding Merge Fields to an Envelope Template After Disconnecting and Reconnecting Docusign and Salesforce

To fix this issue, first select Disconnect on the Docusign Setup tab.
Then delete the Salesforce link in the Connect settings of your Docusign
account.

When I try to add merge fields to a Docusign envelope template, I see one or
more of these error messages:

- Save Error: Some fields might be out of sync.
- Unable to connect to the service.
- Failed to connect to the Salesforce service.

When I disconnect and reconnect my Docusign account in Salesforce, I still
have problems with some functions, like adding merge fields to a Docusign envelope template. Using the [Docusign TroubleShooting page](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=rag1597638195677.html&bundleId=izj1586134369853&_LANG=enus)
to disconnect and reconnect does not fix the issue, either.

Note: This is not a typical scenario. Administrators can
normally select the Disconnect link on the Docusign Setup tab to
cleanly disconnect and reconnect.

**Steps to Reproduce**:

1. Select the Disconnect link on the Docusign Setup tab.
2. Select the Log in to Docusign button.
3. Reconnect Salesforce and Docusign.
4. Open a Docusign envelope template.
5. Try to add new merge fields.

   **Result**: I see an error message:
   Save Error. Some fields might be out of sync. I
   am unable to add any merge fields.

## Resolution 1: Disconnect Docusign and then delete the Salesforce link in the Connect settings of your Docusign account

1. Select the [Disconnect](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=ntr1586134210309.html&bundleId=izj1586134369853&_LANG=enus) link on the
   Docusign Setup tab in Salesforce.
2. Log in to the connected Docusign account as an
   Administrator.
3. Select the Settings tab.
4. Select Connect on the left-hand navigation
   pane.
5. Select the Actions drop-down menu next to the
   Docusign Apps Launcher listing.
6. Select Delete from the list.
7. Select the Delete button on the Delete
   Connect Configuration dialog box.
8. Return to Salesforce and select the [Log in to Docusign](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=zfp1586134208988.html&bundleId=izj1586134369853&_LANG=enus)
   button.

   You have completed the process. You have disconnected the account links in both
   your Docusign account and your Salesforce
   organization. You have then reconnected the accounts in Salesforce. You
   can now add merge fields to an envelope template.

## Resolution 2: Reconfigure the Legacy Connect Configuration

1. Log in to the connected Docusign account as the
   Connect for Salesforce integration user.
2. Go to Settings >  Integrations >  Connect
3. Select Actions and choose
   Edit from the drop-down menu.
4. Select Reconfigure Login.
5. Select OAuth and follow this link to [refresh the
   connection](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=psy1581360698967&topicId=voz1581360675739.html&_LANG=enus).

   You have completed the process. You have refreshed the Connect
   configuration between Docusign and Salesforce. You can
   now add merge fields to an envelope template.
