---
title: Use Sign Now to Let a Sender Sign Their Own Envelope
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=sjz1629349704101.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:39Z'
---

# Use Sign Now to Let a Sender Sign Their Own Envelope

Learn how to use the Sign Now option to let the sender to sign their own envelope
immediately after sending it.

The Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign Now) option lets the
sender sign their own envelope immediately after sending it. This simplifies the
signing process for the sender if they are also a recipient.

Here are the specifications of the Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign
Now) option:

- This option only appears when you select In Person Signer
  as the recipient action
- When Signing Order is *enabled*, this option only appears if the previous
  recipient has Sign Now enabled
- If the first recipient in the signing order has Sign Now *unchecked*, no
  recipients can use the Sign Now option
- When Signing Order is *disabled*, you can add the Sign Now option for any
  In Person Signer recipient

Use this procedure to add the Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign
Now) option to an envelope template recipient.

Note: You can also use this procedure on the Recipients step when sending an
envelope.

1. Select the name of the recipient you want to update.

   The Add Recipient dialog box opens.
2. Select In Person Signer from the Action drop-down
   menu.
3. Select the Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign Now)
   check box.
4. Select the Add button.
5. Select the Save and Close button.

You have completed the process. You have added
theInitiate Signing After Sending (Sign Now) option to your
envelope template recipient. The sender is prompted to sign their own envelope
immediately after they send it.
