---
title: Add In Person Signing to Envelope Template Recipients
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=tmo1629344318451.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:38Z'
---

# Add In Person Signing to Envelope Template Recipients

Learn how to use the In Person Signing feature to create a multi-recipient signing
session, with all signers in the same room.

In Person signing creates a multi-recipient signing
session, where all signers must be in the same room. The host opens the envelope,
and then each signing recipient signs on the host's device.

The following
rules apply to In Person signing sessions:

- The host of the in-person signing session must be a Docusign eSignature for
  Salesforce user
- You can add an In Person Signer recipient anywhere in the signing order
- Other In Person Signer recipients do not need to be Docusign users
- You can add other recipients to the envelope that are not in person signers
  (Needs to Sign, Receives a Copy, and so on)
- You can set the signer name using Lookup Fields,
  Related Lists, Users/Contacts,
  and By Role
- You cannot use SMS delivery for In Person Signer
  sessions
- You can only use the Sign Now option if the In Person
  Signer is first in the signing order (serial or parallel)
- You can use [merge field syntax](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=wtk1625247088017.html&_LANG=enus) to complete the Host Name and Host Email
  Address fields

Example:

Your customer's president and head of finance
meet in your office to review a contract. You create an envelope for an In Person Signer
session. You host the session and guide your customers through the signing process. You
answer questions they have as they sign. You pass your tablet to each signer until all
have completed the session.

Use this procedure to add an In Person
Signer to an envelope template:

Note: You can also use this procedure on the
Recipients step when sending an envelope.

1. Select the name of the recipient you want to update

   The Add Recipient dialog box opens.
2. Complete the following fields in the Add Recipient dialog box:
   1. Action: Select In Person Signer from the dropdown menu.
   2. (Optional): Specify a host for the session:

      1. De-select the Make the Sender Host
         box.
      2. Host Name: Enter the name of the Docusign user who will host the In Person Signer session.
      3. Host Email: Enter the email address of the Docusign user who will host the In Person
         Signer session.

         Note: You can also [use merge field
         syntax](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=wtk1625247088017.html&_LANG=enus) to add a host name and email from Salesforce objects.
   3. (Optional) Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign Now): Select this check box if you want the in person signing session to begin as soon as the envelope is sent.
   4. Select Add.

   The Add Recipient dialog box closes.
3. (Optional): Add Recipient: Add more In Person Signer
   recipients to your template.
4. (Optional): + Signing Order: Set the order in which
   recipients sign the envelope.
5. Select the Save and Close button.

You have completed the process. You have added theIn
Person Signer option to your envelope template recipient.
