---
title: Activate Your Docusign for Salesforce User
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=ymi1586134213877.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:36Z'
---

# Activate Your Docusign for Salesforce User

Learn how to activate your Docusign CLM, Gen, Negotiate, or
eSignature for Salesforce user.

Your administrator can create a Docusign for Salesforce user for you. You
can access approved Docusign apps in Salesforce with this user.
Administrators can create these types of Docusign for Salesforce
users:

- CLM: Access CLM files, folders, and features (workflow, document
  generation, review, and so on.)
- Gen: Generate contracts and send them for signature.
- Negotiate: Send Docusign files for external
  review, internal approval, or signature.
- eSignature: Create envelopes and send them for signature.

You receive an activation email from Docusign when your administrator
creates your user. Activate your user to access Docusign apps in
Salesforce.

Use this procedure to activate your Docusign user:

1. Open the Account Activation email from Docusign. Check your spam
   folder if you don't see the message in your inbox.
2. Select Activate.
3. Follow the activation prompts on the Docusign
   Log In page:

   - Existing
     Docusign
      users:
     Enter your Docusign credentials and select Accept
     Invitation.
   - New
     Docusign
      users:
     Create a Password and Security Question,
     and select Activate.
4. Complete your Docusign authentication in Salesforce:

   Important: Your Docusign user is not
   active until you complete these steps.

   1. Select a Docusign component or custom button on a record and
      select Authorize.

      The Docusign Log In dialog box opens.
   2. Enter your Docusign credentials or select Company Login to log in with SSO credentials.
   3. Select Log In.
   4. Select Accept.
   5. Select Allow Access.
5. Enter your Salesforce credentials.

   Note: Salesforce may require you to select
   Authorize and enter your credentials twice.

You have completed the process. Your Docusign user is active. You can use approved Docusign apps
in Salesforce.
