---
title: Send a Document for eSignature Using the Docusign Negotiate Action Menu
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=zwk1586134361708.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:45:37Z'
---

# Send a Document for eSignature Using the Docusign Negotiate Action Menu

This guide demonstrates the process for sending a Docusign Negotiate for Salesforce
document for eSignature using Docusign eSignature for Salesforce.

A Docusign envelope is a digital container you build that contains documents, recipients, and
signature fields. Recipients complete the fields assigned to them to continue the signature
process. When all recipients have completed their assigned fields, the signing process is
complete. The signed document is saved to the Docusign account.

Salesforce users can create and send envelopes from Salesforce records. You can add
recipients and documents manually, or dynamically from Salesforce records, users, or contacts.
When all recipients have completed their assigned fields, the signed document is saved to the
Salesforce record.

You can send a document for eSignature from the Docusign Negotiate action menu. Negotiate
files are found in the Docusign Files section of a Salesforce record.

The Negotiate sending experience has three steps:

- [Step 1: Select Documents for Your Envelope](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=bea1596472476377.html&_LANG=enus "Step one of the signature process involves selecting the content that will be loaded into the Docusign eSignature for Salesforce envelope.")
- [Step 2: Add Recipients to Your Envelope (Envelope Template)](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=dfp1596477842847.html&_LANG=enus "Use this procedure to add recipients to the envelope. You can add recipients from your Salesforce organization, from Docusign or by entering a name and email address.")
- [Step 3: Add Docusign and Salesforce Fields and Send Your Envelope (Send With Docusign Button)](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=iqc1594156517921&topicId=xmx1596487118055.html&_LANG=enus "The third step of the process involves placing Docusign and Salesforce fields into the document text.")

  Use this procedure to send a document for
  signature using the Docusign Negotiate action menu:
