---
title: Conditional Rules and Syntax to Show Content
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=als1679428547895&topicId=ahh1679704095661.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:55:19Z'
---

# Conditional Rules and Syntax to Show Content

Look up the supported rules and proper syntax to create conditional content rules in
your Word documents for document generation.

In some use cases, you only want information to display if a certain condition is met. You can
use conditional logic rules to show text or other data fields.

## Format for conditional clauses to show information

You can add logic rules to show information based on the value entered in a data
field.

`{{ if fieldName = 'value' }}`

`Text that appears if the sender inputs “value” for fieldName`

`{{ endif }}`

You can make a data field conditional on the value of another data field.

`{{ if fieldName = 'value' }} {{ ConditionalField }} {{ endif }}`

## Example: conditional clause based on state of residence

For example, you have a data field {{ StateOfResidence }} in your document for the
client's state of residency. There is a clause in your document that should only
display if your client’s address is in California. You can ensure that clause only
shows up if that value is “California”:

`{{ if StateOfResidence = 'California' }}`

`Clause for Californians.`

`{{ endif }}`

If the sender enters "California" for the StateOfResidence data field, then the
generated document includes the specified clause.

## Conditional Rules

General format
:   - {{ if Field\_Name comparison 'value' }}
    - Conditional fields can be created to require more than one rule is
      met, by combining the conditions with the word `and`
      .
      - Example: {{ if Field\_Name1 comparison ‘value1’ and
        Field\_Name2 comparison ‘value2’ }} ... endif
    - Conditional fields can be created to require at least one rule is
      met, by combining the conditions with the word
      `or`.
      - {{ if Field\_Name2 comparison ‘value’ or Field\_Name2
        comparison ‘value2’ }} ... endif

Text conditional fields
:   - Example: {{ if state = "CA" }} or {{ if state = 'CA' }}
    - Supported comparisons (case-sensitive):
      - Equals: =
      - Not Equal To: !=
    - Value can be in single or double quotes

Non-case-sensitive text conditional fields
:   For comparisons that are not case-sensitive, leverage the
    `$uppercase` operator on the field label.
:   - Example: {{ if $uppercase(state) = 'CA' }}
      - This would evaluate to True if the user inputs any of the
        following values: CA, Ca, ca, cA

Number conditional fields
:   - Example: {{ if $number(amount) > 100 }}
    - The comparison value cannot contain a comma separator
    - Supported comparisons:
      - Equals: =
      - Not Equal To: !=
      - Comparisons: >, >=, <, <=

Other rules
:   - The order of the conditional statement must always be: {{ Field comparison 'Value'
      }}
    - You cannot do: {{ 'Value' comparison Field }}
      - Example of invalid order: {{ if 'CA' = state }}
    - The {{ if }} clause indicates the start of the if clause and the {{
      endif }} indicates the end of the if clause. Everything within those
      two flags will be conditional on the value that is provided by the
      user.
      - Examples of acceptable formats:
        - {{ if fieldName == 'value' }} {{ ConditionalField }} {{ endif }}
        - {{ if fieldName == 'value' }}

          {{ ConditionalField }}

          {{ endif }}
