---
title: Generate Agreements
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=als1679428547895&topicId=con38e467ca-8098-421b-96c0-4483e1313775.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:55:19Z'
---

# Generate Agreements

This section covers how to generate customized agreements from a prepared template. These generated agreements can be sent for signature in an envelope or downloaded for other use cases.

Docusign IAM customers can generate an agreement from either a document template or an envelope
template. eSignature customers can use envelope templates only (see [Note](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=als1679428547895&topicId=con38e467ca-8098-421b-96c0-4483e1313775.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=con38e467ca-8098-421b-96c0-4483e1313775__note_q5z_f5h_xwb) for
additional details). The processes for these two options are similar, but there are a
few distinctions to be aware of.

Note: The Document Generation
add-on for eSignature is required to send more than five trial envelopes from a
template that includes advanced document generation features. The add-on includes
additional functionality such as conditional content, dynamic tables, and API
sending. For more information about the Document Generation for eSignature add-on,
contact the [Docusign Sales team](https://www.docusign.com/contact-sales).

## Limitations for generating agreements

- You can only generate one document template at a time.
- For templates that include third-party data fields, such as Salesforce fields:

  - You must use Docusign Workflow Builder or some other embedded integration solution to generate the agreement. Templates with third-party fields cannot be generated directly from the Docusign web app.
  - If the selected data source record lacks required data or contains other data errors, you will
    need to update the information in the third-party system and
    then reselect the record to ensure that the most current values
    are used.
