---
title: Conditional Rules and Syntax for Suppressing Text
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=als1679428547895&topicId=pgq1681255844897.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:55:19Z'
---

# Conditional Rules and Syntax for Suppressing Text

In addition to conditional statements to show content, you can specify to remove text
from a document based on conditional arguments.

You can specify conditional rules to hide blocks of text based on the value of a data
field.

## Format for suppressing text

The format for suppressing text requires verbose syntax.

`{{ t:"SuppressParagraph", e:"fieldName = ‘value’"}}Text that will be removed
if the field name inputted by the sender is ‘value’`

- `t:` Indicates that it is a SuppressParagraph tag.
- `e:` The condition that must be met for the suppress paragraph to
  be invoked.
- The text after the `t:` and the `e:` must be in
  double quotes.
- There must be a comma separating the `t:` and `e:`
  parameters.

## Rules for suppressing text

Line breaks
:   - Using SuppressParagraph will remove any text that is in the same
      paragraph as the suppress syntax. That is, when there is no explicit
      line break between the expression and the text to be removed.

      In
      the following example, there is a line break before the second
      sentence, so it will not be removed.
:   ```
    |  |  |
    | --- | --- |
    |  | {{ t:"SuppressParagraph", e:"fieldName = ‘value’"}}Text that will be removed if the field name inputted by the sender is ‘value’. |
    |  | This sentence will not be removed because it comes after a line break |
    ```
:   - If there is a line break between the SupressParagraph tag and the
      conditional text, you will get an error.

      In the following
      example, the SuppressParagraph tag is not in a paragraph of
      text; there is a line break between it and the text that follows
      it. This will generate a syntax error.

    ```
    |  |  |
    | --- | --- |
    |  | {{ t:"SuppressParagraph", e:"fieldName = ‘value’"}} |
    |  | Text that will not be removed because it’s not in the same paragraph as the SuppressParagraph tag |
    ```
