---
title: Add a Custom Agreement Field
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=als1679428547895&topicId=tskce27c962-22c4-4dfa-b799-72c9a403d8ab.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:55:18Z'
---

# Add a Custom Agreement Field

## Before you begin

Agreement fields are the fields associated with the agreement type. Each agreement type has
a defined set of standard fields. You can add new **custom fields** to an agreement
type. You can also select any custom field created on the account by you or other
account users. Adding or selecting other custom fields creates an association with the
current agreement type. This association means the fields will be included by default
the next time anyone on your account uses that type.

Note:

The [Agreement Type and Field Management](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=uie1724446326038.html&_LANG=enus) guide provides an
overview of how Docusign Agreement Manager categorizes documents using **standard and
custom agreement types**. It explains how to use the **Types and
Fields** management tool to standardize data collection, use AI for
auto-suggesting agreement types, and tailor metadata extraction to meet specific
organizational needs.

1. In the ATB for your template, select the Sender role and review the agreement type selected for your document to confirm it's a valid selection. Change the type if necessary.
2. Position your cursor where you want to insert the custom field, and select + Insert Items and choose Field.
3. In the Sender Field details, first search by field name to see if a suitable custom field already exists on your account.
   1. Use the dropdown to scroll through the saved custom fields or enter a search string.
   2. If a suitable field exists, select it.
   3. (Optional) Edit the field description and adjust the Required field
      selection as needed. (These are the only settings that you can adjust
      for an existing custom field.)
   4. Select Save.

      The field is inserted into your document and added to the list of fields for the
      agreement type.
4. If the field doesn't exist, select the Create option and complete the Sender Field details:
   1. **Field Description**. (Optional) Explain the primary function of
      the custom field. Describe what kind of data that it will hold and how
      it should be used.
   2. **Required Field**. Mark the checkbox to make the field required. If this option is unchecked, the field is optional.
   3. **Field Type**. Select the appropriate option: Text, Date, Dropdown, or Number.
5. Select Save.

Your custom field is inserted into your document and added to the list of fields for the current agreement type.
