---
title: Use Docusign App Center to Manage App Connections
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=ous1698169987748&topicId=con5c7c664f-0f3a-482b-89d9-0766a9544b4c.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:45:12Z'
---

# Use Docusign App Center to Manage App Connections

Learn how Docusign has changed how you connect and manage apps. Use Docusign App Center to manage the connections that were previously managed
through DocusignAdmin Agreement Actions.

Docusign has streamlined how you connect and manage applications such
as GoogleDrive, OneDrive, Sharepoint, Box, and Dropbox. Now you use Docusign App Center to manage the Connected Apps functionality
for Agreement Actions. This transition is part of a
migration to Microsoft Azure.

This move gives admins a single, secure place to install, approve, and manage
all connected apps (now connections of an installed app). Admins no longer need to
configure connections separately in multiple locations. It simplifies setup, strengthens
governance, and ensures consistency across Docusign products like
eSignature, Workflow Builder, Agreement Manager, or CLM.

Agreement action rules continue to be managed within the Docusign Account Administration as described in the [Create an Agreement Rule](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=wqg1596767500566.html&_LANG=enus)﻿﻿ article.

**Administrators**

In the App Center, administrators can:

- Approve apps for non-admin users
- Install applications
- Create app connections
- Track apps and their connections

**Non-admin users**

Previously, in Agreement Actions, non-admin users couldn’t view or access their
available apps. By moving Connected Apps to App Center, they can now use installed apps
across Docusign features. Non-admin users no longer rely on an
administrator to install or reconfigure them every single time.

In the App Center, Non-admin users can:

- Install approved connected apps
- Create private app connections

## Experience impact by persona and Docusign plan

This table shows how the change in managing connected apps impact admins and
non-admin users based on their Docusign plan.

| Persona | Plan | Feature | Actions |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Admins | eSignature | Agreement Actions | - Approve apps - Install apps - Create Connections - Set up and use connections in Connection Rules |
| IAM | - Agreement Actions - CLM - eSignature - Workflow Builder - Agreement Manager |
| Non-admins | eSignature | None | - Install admin-approved apps - Create connections   No access to Connection Rules |
| IAM | - Workflow Builder - Agreement Manager | - Install admin-approved apps - Create connections - Use connections in Workflow Builder and Agreement Manager |
