---
title: Install Google Docs for Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=ous1698169987748&topicId=fvp1714404040516.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:45:13Z'
---

# Install Google Docs for Docusign CLM

Learn how to install and connect the Google Docs for Docusign CLM
integration. Google Docs for Docusign CLM enables users to edit documents
from Docusign CLM in Google Docs.

Google Docs for Docusign CLM enables
users to open and edit documents from Docusign CLM. Documents from the Docusign CLM document library can be edited in Google Docs and saved
back to Docusign CLM.

Note:

- By default, Google Docs for Docusign CLM will be connected
  to all instances of Google Docs within your organization. Users have the
  option to set up private connections to their organizational personal Google
  Drive, and to switch between connections. For more information on switching
  connections in Google Docs for Docusign CLM, see [Switch Between
  Private and Shared Connections in Google Docs for Docusign
  CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=alb1642965087302&topicId=yfy1750701784689.html&_LANG=enus).
- You must be a [Docusign Administrator](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=god1583359152535.html&_LANG=enus) to install and configure the Google Docs application for Docusign CLM.

1. Log on to Docusign as an administrator.
2. Navigate to the [Docusign App Center](https://apps.docusign.com/app-center) and select
   Google Docs.
3. On the details page for Google Docs, select
   Install App. When prompted, select
   Continue to authorize the installation of the
   application.

   Google Docs for
   Docusign
    CLM installs.
4. Select Connect Account.

   The Google Workspace login window displays.
5. When prompted, select a Google Workspace account, or log in to your Google
   Workspace.

   A window requesting permission to connect your Google Workspace account
   to the Google Docs for
   Docusign
    CLM application displays.
6. Select the checkbox for See, edit, create, and delete all of your
   Google Drive files.
7. Select Continue to sign into Docusign
   with the selected credentials. If you would like to use a different account,
   select Cancel.

   A window listing the permission that Docusign needs on
   Google Drive and Google Docs displays.
8. Select Allow to enable the necessary permissions for Docusign to access your Google Workspace.

   You have successfully installed and connected Google Docs for
   Docusign

   CLM.

## Next steps

[Enable Google Docs
for Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=alb1642965087302&topicId=ebg1714405070200.html&_LANG=enus)
