---
title: Work with Docusign App Connections
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=ous1698169987748&topicId=xyw1716318604389.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:45:12Z'
---

# Work with Docusign App Connections

Learn how to create and manage Docusign app connections. Use
connections to access different accounts and environments.

With Docusign app connections, you can select different accounts
when creating workflow processes.

You can perform these connection actions:

- Add a new connection
- Manage Connections
  - Edit connection name
  - Delete a connection
  - Manage Field Mappings: Review the suggested mappings to ensure that the data is
    correctly mapped to Docusign IAM fields
  - Reload objects: Refresh the Connections display to view the latest connections
    activity
- Refresh

  Note: This function is not available for all
  apps.
- View connection Details: Select an existing connection to view the app's detail page
  and view connection status
- Uninstall the app: Uninstall the app from the App Center

  Attention: When you uninstall an app, workflows and templates that use the app
  are permanently affected.

## User credentials

Your role determines the connection types that you can create and manage.

- Administrator: Private or shared connections
- Account user (no Administrator permission): Private connections

## Connection types

You can create Docusign apps connections for use in Docusign agreement workflows for different user credentials.

Here are the available app connection types:

Shared
:   Created by an Admin. Any account user can view and use the connection.

Private
:   Created by an Admin or an account user. Only the account user who created
    the connection can view and use the connection.

For the Salesforce app, you can also create connections based on the environment
type.

- Demos (Sandbox) account
- Production account
