---
title: 'Set Up the Docusign App Center ServiceNow Instance, Step 7: Create Cross-Scope
  Privilege Records'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=ous1698169987748&topicId=yjb1727290763658.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:45:13Z'
---

# Set Up the Docusign App Center ServiceNow Instance, Step 7: Create Cross-Scope Privilege Records

Learn how to create cross-scope privilege records so that Docusign can
access ServiceNow tables.

Exchange data between Docusign and ServiceNow with Docusign IAM for ServiceNow. Use the integration to kick off software and hardware
procurement requests and other downstream workflows.

This topic shows how to create cross-scope privilege records in ServiceNow.

Important: To edit a table, you must be in the same application
scope. A cross-application scope allows users to access tables in other scopes while
remaining in their current one.

1. Select the All tab from the top menu. Search for and
   select Application Cross-Scope Access.

   The Cross scope privileges page
   displays.
2. Select New at the top right to create and configure a
   new privilege.

   The Cross scope privilege New record page
   displays.
3. Set the Target Scope to the scope of the target table.
   This is the table that you are granting access to.

   If the company table is under the **Global**scope, then the target scope
   mut also be Global.
4. For the Target Name, enter the name of the target table in
   the Namebox.
5. Set the Target Type to
   Table.
6. Set the Application to Docusign
   IAM.
7. Select the Operation (read,
   create, write).
8. Set the Status to Allowed.
9. Select Submit.
10. Repeat these steps to create a cross-scope privilege record for all three operations.

You completed this task.
