---
title: Access the Monitor Free Edition Dashboard
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gso1581445176035&topicId=fej1684870449825.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:18:16Z'
---

# Access the Monitor Free Edition Dashboard

Learn how to access, view, and interpret the Docusign Monitor Free Edition
Dashboard.

Use the Monitor dashboard to view data about your organization's events. You
can:

- View a 30-day summary of Core metrics, including envelope use and user activities
- View events and event details
- Enable or disable alerts
- View alert details and historical information

Additionally, you can create filters to view the time frame for the alert data:

- 24 hours
- 7 days

Note: For Monitor activity tracking:

- Monitor only tracks user activity if the users have an email address that is
  in a domain that your organization has claimed.
- Docusign Admin does not allow adding users to accounts if they are not members of a claimed
  domain for an account's with the Prevent Unmanaged
  Signups setting enabled. Also, Docusign Monitor does not
  track these user activities. For detailed information, see Prevent
  unmanaged signups in [Administrator Checklist Before Enforcing SSO﻿](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=azf1636145324908.html&_LANG=enus).

1. From your Docusign home page, select Admin > Organization > Monitor from the side menu.

   Note: If you are using Monitor for the first time, the
   Monitor Free Edition wizard displays. The wizard provides an overview of
   Monitor Free Edition features. Select Next to move
   through the feature descriptions.
2. Use the dashboard to view your account's activity and access other Monitor
   features.
