---
title: Integrate Docusign Monitor Security Notifications with Splunk
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gso1581445176035&topicId=sfj1611351664499.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:18:17Z'
---

# Integrate Docusign Monitor Security Notifications with Splunk

Use the Docusign Splunk App and Docusign Add-on to directly deliver Docusign Monitor notifications to Splunk.

With the Docusign Splunk App and Docusign Add-on, you can integrate Docusign Monitor data with Splunk to detect potential threats, investigate incidents, and quickly respond. These programs are available for download from the  [Docusign Monitor Add-on](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/5665) and the  [Docusign Monitor Dashboards and Alerts App](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/5666) pages.

With the DocusignSplunk App and Docusign Add-on, you can integrate Docusign Monitor data with Splunk to detect potential threats, investigate incidents, and quickly respond. These programs are available for download from the[Docusign Monitor Add-on](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/5665) and the [Docusign Monitor Dashboards and Alerts App](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/5666) pages.

Docusign App provides prebuilt dashboards and works with the Docusign Add-on for Splunk.

Note: Use both the Docusign App combined with the Docusign Add-on.

The Add-on contains:

- All Splunk configurations for CIM-compliance
- Data inputs
- Line breaking
- Lookup tables, lookup definition, and automatic lookups
- Extractions
- Transformations
- Aliases
- Preconfigured alerts

## Splunk Enterprise 9.3+compatibility and the Docusign Monitor app support

Due to an important change in Splunk Enterprise 9.3 and later, Python 3.7 is no longer supported. Python 3.9 is now required.

Monitor Splunk apps use third-party libraries that depend on specific Python versions, such as JWT and cryptography. Therefore, most customers are updating to the newest Splunk versions. Therefore, Docusign now only supports the latest Splunk releases.

If you are still using Splunk Enterprise versions 8.x, 9.1, and 9.2, continue using Monitor App versions 1.0.10 or earlier. These versions are compatible with Python 3.7.

## How it works

The Docusign App and Docusign Add-on integrate with Docusign Monitor as follows:

- Configure the Docusign Add-on by configuring data inputs.
- Configure and run scheduled searches to produce lookup tables.
- Use the Add-on lookup tables in automatic lookups and macros to enrich Docusign Monitor data. The lookup tables add user account information and alert and event details.

Docusign Monitor apps support the Splunk Enterprise SDK for Python Version 2.0.2.

## Prerequisites

- You need Splunk 8.x to integrate with Docusign Monitor.
- Update your Docusign Monitor Splunk apps to Version 1.1.0. because Monitor Splunk Apps now use the Splunk Enterprise SDK for Python Version 2.0.2.

## Authenticate the Monitor API

Before your Splunk application can make calls to the Monitor API, it must authenticate and obtain an access token. Submit this access token that proves your application’s identity and authorization, with each request.

The Monitor API authenticates all calls using a variant of the JSON Web Token (JWT) grant. This authentication is described in the [How to get an access token with JWT Grant](https://developers.docusign.com/platform/auth/jwt/jwt-get-token/) article. Customer integrations can exchange a JWT containing organization and scope data for an access token that authenticates calls to the API.

The process of authenticating to use the Monitor API is identical to the process for calling the eSignature REST API. This process uses the JWT Grant, with these exceptions:

- The impersonated user must be a Docusign organization administrator or have the Security Reports Administrator permissions profile. For information about permission profiles, see the [Permission Profiles](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pof1583277362435.html&_LANG=enus).
- The scopes that you request in the body of the JWT must include `signature` and `impersonation`. Additionally, you must include  `organization_read`  for Splunk.
