---
title: Monitor Features
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gso1581445176035&topicId=zql1581462669176.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:18:16Z'
---

# Monitor Features

Learn about how Docusign Monitor provides security and which
eSignature and CLM plans support Monitor.

Using advanced analytics, Docusign provides around-the-clock cybersecurity
monitoring and notifications. Monitor can evaluate what events may be suspicious,
enabling you to quickly act upon them.

With Docusign, you can set up specific alerts for events such as:

- Compromised Credentials: Monitor detects when hackers try to log on unsuccessfully and access
  leaked credentials from other services. Dark web or paste sites commonly sell leaked
  and compromised credentials.
- Sign-ins from Anonymous or Cloud IPs: To hide their tracks, cyber criminals often
  initiate attacks by starting from an anonymous proxy or VPN. Similarly, they use
  cloud vendors (such as AWS or Azure) to initiate attacks.
- Simultaneous or suspicious logons: Attackers try to initiate sessions from geographically
  distant locations in a brief time period (such as from Seattle and Vietnam).
- Potential data extraction:
  - Users added, deactivated, assigned admin privileges, alerting administrators to changes
    made to users or their permissions and privileges
  - Atypical download or deletion of large numbers of envelopes
  - Atypical sending of large numbers (Bulk sending) of envelopes
  - Atypical downloading of large numbers (Bulk exporting) of user information

See the [Monitor alerts](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gso1581445176035&topicId=refd45c3b91-27da-49ee-aba6-f946c7e203da.html&_LANG=enus "Review descriptions and recommended actions for Docusign Monitor eSignature, Admin settings, and login and security alerts.") article for detailed information.

## Supported plans

Docusign Monitor is available as a separate add-on for all Docusign eSignature plans
and Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM+ plans.
