---
title: User and Group Management
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=map8c30aa94-7e9f-4950-92fc-dd22c6d9f835&topicId=eut1712157553977.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:15:50Z'
---

# User and Group Management

Read about user and group management tasks, such as managing agreement access and granting bulk upload permissions.

Administrators are responsible for safeguarding access to agreements in Agreement Manager. This includes making sure that the appropriate users and groups can view or manage agreements, and perform bulk uploads. Administrators also manage group membership for Agreement Manager groups.

 

Tip: In some cases, you might want to restrict the ability to delete agreements or update attributes to specific users and groups.

Note: See the  [Docusign eSignature Admin Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390) for more information about using the  menu to manage users and groups.

## "View all agreements" versus "Organize and manage all agreements"

There are two options when granting access to agreements in your account:

- View all agreements in this account: authorizes users or groups to view and download all agreements in the account.
- Organize and manage all agreements: authorizes users or groups to view, edit, download, and delete all agreements in the account. This permission level also grants access to manage agreement sets and attributes, like agreement types and fields.

Important:

When organizations purchase an IAM plan with Agreement Manager, by default, all users can access their own shared, received, sent, and uploaded agreements. The ability to view, organize, and manage agreements in the account requires an administrator to grant you this access.

Restriction:

*Unmanaged participants* can use Agreement Manager to view their own completed agreements. However, a full license and additional permissions are required to access the majority of Agreement Manager features. See the [License Management in Account Administration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bhs1740099648152.html) topic to learn more about IAM plans and license types.

These permissions control access to view Agreement Manager agreements and to perform various management tasks. This applies to administrators as well. An administrator does not automatically have access to Agreement Manager agreements and features, including bulk uploads.

Note: Agreements are permanently stored in Agreement Manager unless they are deleted by a user with the Organize and manage all agreements permission. Also, eSignature retention is not applicable to Agreement Manager.

## Access control with agreement sets

Agreement sets are named groups of agreements that can be shared with users and groups. These sets give contract managers a more granular way to control access to agreements.

For example, a contract manager can organize agreements for productivity and data privacy by creating an agreement set. Once created, the contract manager now has an efficient way to grant access to the appropriate users and groups.

Consider this pain point:

- The contract manager oversees thousands of sales agreements and needs an efficient way to grant access to a subset of these agreements.
- The Renewals Team needs access to all MSAs that are expiring in a quarter without auto-renewal, while the U.S. Sales Team needs access to all MSAs under U.S. jurisdiction.
- The contract manager creates agreement sets to grant access to the relevant agreements for each team.

See the [Agreement Set Management](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=map8c30aa94-7e9f-4950-92fc-dd22c6d9f835&topicId=zed1730843285476.html&_LANG=enus "Read about agreement set management including how to use sets to control access to agreements. This topic answers the question: What are agreement sets and how can I use them?") topic to learn more about using this feature to control access to your agreements in Agreement Manager.

## Bulk upload permission

All users can upload up to five third-party agreements to Agreement Manager. However, to upload more than five files to Agreement Manager, an additional permission is required. This permission is assigned from the  page. Once this permission is turned on, the user can upload up to 1,000 files at a time to Agreement Manager.

Note: The *bulk upload permission* is required to upload documents from third-party cloud storage locations.

## Group membership

Administrators can manage group membership by adding and removing users from a group. Groups are managed from the  page, where the administrator can:

- Add a user to an existing group
- Remove a user from an existing group
- Create a new group
- Bulk add and update users

Note: The Bulk Add and Bulk Update functions are described in the Docusign eSignature Admin guide. See the [User Bulk Actions](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=mxm1583277431469.html) topic for more information.
