---
title: 'Step 7: Create a Custom Button or Finish the Template'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=aup1614501330150.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:52Z'
---

# Step 7: Create a Custom Button or Finish the Template

This step is optional. You can choose to create a custom button instead of generating
invoices automatically.

Use this procedure if you want to create a custom
button instead of generating invoices automatically. If you add a custom button,
Docusign generates invoices when a user selects the button.

Tip:
[The beginning of this video
explains this step](https://bcove.video/3mHgtcg).

Important: If
you have chosen to automate invoice generation, skip these steps and select
Save and Finish.

1. Button Label: Enter a descriptive name to let users know
   the purpose.
2. Page Layouts: Select the check box for each layout you
   want to update.
3. Select Update Layouts.
4. (Optional) Post Generation Actions: Configure e-signature
   options for this template:

   - Enable the Send for Signature button, so generators can send
     generated documents out for signature. This option shows
     or hides the Send for Signature button after
     users generate documents.
   - Launch automatically after generation. This
     option opens the standard Send with Docusign
     experience after a user generates a document. Users do not need to
     select the Send for Signature button after generating.
   - Select an Envelope Template to streamline sending for
     signature: Enter the name of an envelope template. This
     option opens the envelope template sending experience after document
     generation.

     Note: You can link a send
     now envelope template to enable a [one-click document
     generation and sending experience](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=sjm1686076461925.html&_LANG=enus).
5. Select Save and Finish.

You have completed the entire process. You have built a
Docusign Gen for Billing template. Invoices generate automatically or when users select
the custom button on an invoice record.
