---
title: Link a Gen Template to an Envelope Template to Automate Contract Generation
  and Signing
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=bwo1620419687966.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:55Z'
---

# Link a Gen Template to an Envelope Template to Automate Contract Generation and Signing

Learn how to link a Docusign Gen template to a Docusign envelope template to simplify
your contract process.

## Before you begin

Install Docusign Apps Launcher version 5.3 or higher.

[Create a Docusign
envelope template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=uce1617376465289.html&_LANG=enus).

[Create a Gen template with Microsoft
Word](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=lig1586134209279.html&_LANG=enus).

Important:

- Use a Word-based Gen template. You cannot link an [Agreement Cloud
  Editor](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=bcp1586134298132.html&_LANG=enus)-based Gen template to an envelope template.
- You can only link templates built on the same Salesforce object. Linking a
  Gen template and envelope template built on Opportunity
  works. Linking an Opportunity-based Gen template with
  an Account-based envelope template does not work.
- You can only link the following types of envelope templates: Default,
  Quick Send, Place Fields, and
  Send Now.

You can link a Docusign Gen template to a Docusign
envelope template. When users generate an agreement with Gen and select
Send for Signature, your linked envelope template opens.

Linking templates simplifies your business process by automating contract generation and
signing.

Use this procedure to link a Gen template to an envelope template:

1. [Open the Create Button step as a
   Salesforce administrator](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=way1621663319299.html&_LANG=enus).
2. Envelope Templates: Enter the name of an envelope
   template that uses the same data source as this Gen template.
3. Select Save and Finish.

You have completed the process. You have linked a Gen template to
an envelope template. When users generate a document from a record, the linked envelope
template sending experience opens.
