---
title: Use Table Column XML Tags in a Word-Based Gen Template to Import Salesforce
  Data
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=cur1626293246471.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:55Z'
---

# Use Table Column XML Tags in a Word-Based Gen Template to Import Salesforce Data

Learn how to use table column XML tags in Word-based Gen templates to import Salesforce
data into a generated agreement.

You can use table column XML tags in Word-based Gen templates to import Salesforce data into a
generated agreement.

## Table Column tag

The Table Column tag is represented by the `<TableColumn>` XML
tag. You use a Table Column tag in a table that you add to your Word-based Gen
template. When users generate agreements, Table Column tags dynamically add a column
for each unique piece of record data.

Table Column tags are useful when creating tables for products whose prices change.
The `<TableColumn>` tag adds a new column each time prices
change.

## Table Column tag example

You add a Table Column tag to your Gen template. A user generates an agreement from a
Salesforce record that has five product categories. Docusign adds
five table columns; one for each product category.

## Using Table Column tags in Gen templates

You create custom tables in Word by copying tags from a Gen template and pasting them
after a table column header. Use the following guidelines when creating Table Column
tags:

- Add Table Column tags to the first row of a table.
- The Select attribute adds a new column in the table for each match that it
  finds.
- The Select attribute adds columns in order of the values that it finds on a
  record.
- You can place any merge tag in a table column.
- You can add multiple Table Column tags in a table.
- You can nest Table Column tags. Copy a table that contains a Table Column tag
  and paste it inside the cell of another table.
- A single table cannot contain both Table Row and Table Column tags.
- You can use a maximum of 63 columns in a Microsoft Word table.

## Table Column attributes

You can use the following attributes in <TableColumn> tags:

| Attribute | Function |
| --- | --- |
| Select | XPath used to select data from an XML document |
| Tag | Can be any String value |
| TagRef | Used with a Tag attribute placed on a Repeat, TableRow, or TableColumn tag |
| TrackName | Specific to Term Sync |

## Suppress Table Column tag

The Suppress Table Column tag is represented by the
`<SuppressTableColumn>` XML tag. You use a Suppress Table
Column tag in a table that you add to your Word-based Gen template. When users
generate agreements, Suppress Table Column tags dynamically hide columns based on
record data. Suppress Table Column tags are useful when a record has no data in a
field. You can also use Suppress Table Column tags to hide data from certain
recipients.

## Suppress Table Column example

You add a Suppress Table Column tag to your Gen template. A user generates an
agreement from a Salesforce record containing a Discount
column. The Salesforce record does not contain discounted products. Docusign does not add the Discount column to the generated
agreement.

## Using Suppress Table Column tags in Gen templates

You create custom tables in Word by copying tags from a Gen template and pasting them
after a table column header. Use the following guidelines when creating Suppress
Table Column tags:

- <SuppressTableColumn> removes an entire column from a table.
- <SuppressTableColumn> attributes are identical to Conditional tag
  attributes.
- Docusign removes the entire table if the column to be
  suppressed is the only one on the record.

## Suppress Table Column attributes

You can use the following attributes in <SuppressTableColumn> tags:

| Attribute | Function |
| --- | --- |
| Select | XPath used to select data from an XML document |
| Match | Table column is suppressed (removed) if the data returned matches this value |
| NotMatch | Table column is suppressed (removed) if the data returned does not match this value |
| Test | Conditional option based on Boolean logic |
| TagRef | Used with a Tag attribute placed on a Repeat, Table Row, or Table Column tag |

## Use Suppress Table Column with Table Row Select

You can use Suppress Table Column tags with Table Row Select tags to build a conditional
table. Using these tags together is useful if you want to suppress a column when a
field is null or empty. You can also combine these tags to suppress a column when a
check box field is selected in a table row.

| Name | Type | Quantity | List Price | Discount | Discount % | Unit Price | Total Price |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **<# <TableRow Select=" /Opportunity// Opportunity LineItems" /> #><# <Content Select=". /Name"/> #>** | **<# <Content Select=" ./Product2. Family" /> #>** | **<# <Content Select=" ./Quantity" /> #>** | **<# <Content Select= "./ListPrice "/> #>** | **<# < SuppressTableColumn Test=”count (//OpportunityLineItems/ Discount[text() !=’0,00%’])=0 “/>#><# <Content Select=". /Discount[text()!=’ 0,00%’]" Optional ="true"/> #>** | **Number of oppties <# <Content Select ="count (//OpportunityLineItems) "/> #> --<# <Content Select="count (//OpportunityLineItems/ Discount[text()= ’0,00%’])"/> #>--<# <Content Select="count (//OpportunityLineItems /Discount [text()!=’0,00%’])"/> #>** | **<# <Content Select=". /UnitPrice \_\_c"/> #>** | **<# <Content Select=". /TotalPrice" /> #>** |
