---
title: 'Step 4: Upload the Word Document to Your Gen Template'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=gxl1586134297397_1.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:52Z'
---

# Step 4: Upload the Word Document to Your Gen Template

Learn to upload your Word template to use in your Docusign Gen template.

Use this procedure to upload your Word template to
use in your Docusign Gen template.

Tip:
[This video explains the step](https://players.brightcove.net/6118377982001/default_default/index.html?videoId=6248887178001).

1. Select Next at the bottom of the Add Fields page.
2. Select Upload Files. Follow the prompts to upload the Word
   template from your device.
3. Complete the following:
   1. Generated File Name: Enter text for the beginning of all
      generated document names.
   2. [File Suffix](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=nxb1586134245032.html&_LANG=enus): Set the second part of the document name:

      - Main Data Source Name: Your customer's name
      - Date: The date a user generated the document
      - Main Data Source Name and Date: Your customer's name and
        the document generation date

      1. File Format: Keep Microsoft Word
         or select PDF as the output file type.
4. (Optional):

   - Document Rule: Select + Add Rule to
     add conditional logic to document creation.
   - Upload Files: Select this button to add additional Word
     documents to the template.
   - Generate all documents in this configuration with one click:
     Generate all uploaded documents when a user selects a Gen button.

     Note: You can use Generate
     all when you have uploaded more than one document. If the box is
     unchecked, generators select which documents to include.
5. Select Next.

You have completed step four. Move to [Step 5: Preview Your Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=fwi1586134297224.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to view a preview of what a generated document will look like.").
