---
title: 'Step 6: Create a Person Account Button and Add it to the Account Layout'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=hki1636868684641.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:53Z'
---

# Step 6: Create a Person Account Button and Add it to the Account Layout

Learn to add a Gen custom button to a Salesforce Account layout.

You can not add a custom button to the Person Account layout in this
step. However, you must add a custom button to at least one account layout to save
and finish your Gen template. After saving the template, you must then remove the
button from your Account layout. You can only add the Gen button to
thePerson Account layout after you have followed these
steps.

Tip:
[The beginning of this video
explains this step](https://bcove.video/3mHgtcg).

1. Button Label: Enter a descriptive name to let users know
   the purpose.
2. Page Layouts: Select the check box for one Account
   layout.

   Note: Selecting one check
   box prevents removing the button from multiple layouts later.
3. Select Update Layouts.
4. (Optional) Post Generation Actions: Configure e-signature
   options for this template:

   - Enable the Send for Signature button, so generators can send
     generated documents out for signature. This option shows
     or hides the Send for Signature button after
     users generate documents.
   - Launch automatically after generation. This
     option opens the standard Send with Docusign
     experience after a user generates a document. Users do not need to
     select the Send for Signature button after generating.
   - Select an Envelope Template to streamline sending for
     signature: Enter the name of an envelope template. This
     option opens the envelope template sending experience after document
     generation.

     Note: You can link a send
     now envelope template to enable a [one-click document
     generation and sending experience](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=sjm1686076461925.html&_LANG=enus).
5. Select Save and Finish.

You have completed step six. Move to [Step 7: Remove the Person Account Custom Button from the Accounts Layout](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=ynj1637170143807.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to to remove the custom button from the Salesforce Account layout.").
