---
title: Learn About Rebuilding Your Docusign Connection After Changes to Your Salesforce
  Domain Name
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=jxl1681966371973.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:57Z'
---

# Learn About Rebuilding Your Docusign Connection After Changes to Your Salesforce Domain Name

Learn to rebuild the connection between Docusign and Salesforce after domain name
changes.

All Salesforce organizations have a unique domain name called My Domain.
With My Domain, you can include your organization name in your URLs.

Example:
`https://mycompany.my.salesforce.com`.

You can set up a custom login page and policy, offer single sign-on, and enable social
account logins. My Domain also enables working in multiple Salesforce organizations in
the same browser at the same time.

You can change your domain name. The following are reasons for changing your domain name:

- You want to update your brand.
- You want to use [Enhanced Domains](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.domain_name_enhanced.htm&type=5).
- You want to enable partitioned domains.

When you change your My Domain name, your Salesforce-hosted URLs also change. You must
rebuild the connection to your Docusign account.

You can rebuild your connection to Docusign after a domain change with the
Sync Domains tool.

Important: The Sync Domains process may
take up to 72 hours to complete. Enable Redirect previous My Domain URLs to
your current My Domain in your Salesforce organization. Enabling
redirects during this time period prevents errors with your Docusign integration.

The rebuilding procedure differs depending on the Docusign apps that you
use:

- [Docusign Gen, Negotiate, eSignature, and
  eSignature Apex Toolkit customers](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=ppq1681966676237.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to fix domain integration issues using the Sync Domains feature.")
- [Docusign CLM and CLM Essentials for Salesforce
  customers](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=ynp1680122164220.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to fix domain integration issues using the Sync Domains feature. Sync Domains fixes issues with Enhanced Domains and any changes that you make to your Salesforce domain.")
