---
title: Add Currency and Locale Defaults to Your Gen Template
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=kqf1686095608923.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:54Z'
---

# Add Currency and Locale Defaults to Your Gen Template

Learn to add a default currency and locale to your Gen template.

## Before you begin

- Install Docusign Apps Launcher to version 5.4 or higher
- [Add New Currency Types to Your Salesforce
  Organization](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=gzh1686882277803.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to add new currency types to your Salesforce organization.")

You can add a default currency and locale to your Gen template. By adding default
currency and locale fields, you decide how Gen formats the date, time, and currency
formats displayed in generated agreements.

You can customize the following settings:

- Locale: Set the date formatting of all documents generated
  from this template.
- Currency: Set the currency formatting of all documents
  generated from this template.
- Generator Can Edit: Users set the currency and locale
  before generating documents.

Use this procedure to edit the currency and locale settings of your Gen template:

1. [Edit the Gen template Add Fields page as a
   Salesforce administrator](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=was1621662565775.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to access the Add Fields step in a Word-based Gen template.").
2. [Set the format of all currency fields to Use
   Template Format](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=any1686940255489.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to set the default formatting of currency data fields.").
3. [Set the format of all date and time (locale)
   fields to Use Template Format](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=gyv1686944628002.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to set the default formatting of date and time (locale) data fields.").

   Important: Set currency and locale field defaults to
   Use Template Format, or Gen ignores
   Date and Currency Format settings.
4. Set Date and Currency Format defaults:
   1. Locale: Select a locale option from the dropdown
      menu:

      - Generator's Locale: Use the generating
        user's Salesforce locale for date formatting
      - Org Locale: Use the Salesforce
        organization's locale for date formatting
      - All Locales: Select a country or region
        to set date formatting
   2. Currency Format: Select a currency format from
      the dropdown menu:

      - Display as symbol: Example:
        $123,456.78
      - Display as symbol (no decimals): Example:
        $123,457
      - Display as ISO code: Example:
        USD 123,456.78
      - Display as ISO code (no decimals):
        Example: USD 123,457
      - Display without symbol and ISO code:
        Example: 123,456.78
   3. Generator Can Edit: Users can [choose a currency and locale
      format before generating](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=bpg1586134377111&topicId=hhz1686691127617.html&_LANG=enus).
5. Select Next.
6. Select Save and Close.

   You have completed the process. You have customized the currency and locale settings
   of your Gen template.
