---
title: Enable or Disable the Gen Send for Signature Button
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=lvn1686252877409.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:55Z'
---

# Enable or Disable the Gen Send for Signature Button

Learn to enable or disable the Send for Signature button that opens after users generate
agreements.

## Before you begin

Install Docusign Apps Launcher v 5.3 or
higher.

When users generate agreements with Gen, a dialog box opens with a Send for
Signature button. Users can select this button to send generated
agreements for signature. You can choose to hide the Send for
Signature button if you don't want users to send generated
agreements. You can also choose to show the button if hidden.

Note: This feature is not a global setting for all Gen templates. You can
enable or disable any Gen template's Send for Signature
button.

Use this procedure to enable or disable the Gen Send for Signature button:

1. Enable or disable the Send for Signature button:

   - Enable: Select the Enable the Send for
     Signature button, so generators can send generated documents out for
     signature check box. Users see the Send for Signature
     button after generating an agreement.
   - Disable: Uncheck the Enable the Send for
     Signature button, so generators can send generated documents out for
     signature check box. Users do not see a Send for
     Signature button after generating an agreement.
2. Select Save and Finish.

You have completed the process. You have enabled or disabled the
Send for Signature button that displays after users generate
agreements.
