---
title: Learn About Using Docusign Gen With Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=mor1615480798834.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:55Z'
---

# Learn About Using Docusign Gen With Docusign CLM

Learn about using Docusign Gen with Docusign
CLM.

The Docusign Apps Launcher package of apps contains CLM, Gen, Negotiate, and
eSignature for Salesforce.

CLM customers can build templates with the CLM Document Generation tool
and the Docusign Gen application. Each application has different
capabilities that you can use when building CLM document generation templates.

Important: CLM customers cannot downgrade to a Gen-only
license or assign Gen-only permissions.

## When should I use Gen?

- For simple use cases, like billing and invoices
- When you have upgraded from Gen to CLM and want to continue using your Gen
  templates
- When you want to use Gen for Salesforce Billing
- When you do not want generated documents saved in CLM folders

## When should I use CLM Document Generation?

- For advanced use cases
- When you want generated documents saved in CLM folders
- When you want to use generated documents in CLM advanced workflows

## What can CLM users do in Gen?

- Use the CLM Document Generation page on the
  Docusign Setup tab
- Create, add, edit, and delete Gen templates
- Access both their Gen templates and their CLM Document Generation templates
- Add Gen custom buttons to Salesforce page layouts
- Generate documents using a Gen custom button in Salesforce
