---
title: Apps Launcher Integration User Best Practices
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=rhi1657226496755.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:50Z'
---

# Apps Launcher Integration User Best Practices

Learn how best to manage the integration user that connects your Salesforce and Docusign accounts.

The integration user is a Docusign administrator that connects your Docusign account to your Salesforce organization. When you connect accounts, you must enter Docusign and Salesforce administrator credentials. When your accounts are connected, users can access Docusign functions like sending agreements for signature.

Docusign uses OAuth 2.0 for communicating between Salesforce and Docusign. These tokens continue to operate unless an administrator chooses to break them or force an expiration.

Follow these guidelines to avoid issues with your integration:

Create dedicated integration users
:   Create generic integration administrators for your Docusign account and your Salesforce organization. Ensure that these generic credentials aren't tied to a person. For example, you can create a user named integration-user@yourcompany.com. Creating generic integration users protects your integration when administrators leave or change roles. Deactivating your integration user deletes custom Docusign fields and templates created by that user. So it is best to create an integration user that you will never deactivate.

Enable password login for at least one Docusign administrator
:   If you enforce SSO login for your integration user, [enable
    password login for at least one Docusign administrator](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=fji1583359148678.html&_LANG=enus). Your Docusign integration breaks if your SSO setup experiences
    an outage and no administrator can log in with a password.

Utilize a compatible Salesforce user license
:   Your Docusign for Salesforce integration user must be a member of the Docusign Administrator permission set. Since you cannot add [Salesforce Integration Users](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=release-notes.rn_api_integration_license.htm&release=242&type=5) to permission sets, you cannot use this license type as your integration user. Docusign recommends that you use a Salesforce [Standard User](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.users_license_types_available.htm&type=5) license when creating your Docusign integration user.

Note: Docusign does not support connecting multiple Salesforce organizations to a single Docusign account.

The following is a list of integration user scenarios:

## Actions that break your integration

You close (deactivate) the Docusign integration user
:   - Docusign deletes all envelope templates
    - Docusign send buttons do not work
    - Docusign deletes custom merge fields created by the Docusign integration user
:   Before closing your Docusign integration user, create a template in your Docusign account and re-save each custom merge field.

(Gen and CLM only) When you deactivate your Salesforce integration user
:   Your Gen and CLM for Salesforce functions break. The Docusign eSignature for Salesforce app continues to function without issue.

You enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for your Salesforce integration user
:   A Salesforce integration user needs the following access:

    - Salesforce System Administrator access
    - [Enable MFA for API logins](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=zfp1586134208988.html&_LANG=enus) for
      the System Administrator profile set to
      False

## Actions that do not break your integration

You change the Docusign integration user password
:   Envelope templates, custom merge fields, and Docusign send buttons continue to work.
:   Only enter the Docusign integration user's password for the initial authorization.

You change the Salesforce integration user password
:   Envelope templates, custom merge fields, and Docusign send buttons continue to work.
:   Only enter the Salesforce integration user's password for the initial authorization.

You deactivate the Salesforce integration user
:   Envelope templates, custom merge fields, and Docusign send buttons continue to work.
:   Important:

    - Deactivating an integration user that's used for both Docusign Apps Launcher **and** legacy eSignature for Salesforce breaks the legacy app.
    - Deactivating the Salesforce integration user breaks your Docusign Gen and CLM for Salesforce functionality.
    - If the deactivated administrator is also a system sender, Apex toolkit flows relying on the system sender break. Add a new active user as the system sender to prevent this.

You replace the integration user
:   Envelope templates, custom merge fields, and Docusign send buttons continue to work.

    Note: Closing (deactivating) the Docusign integration user before adding a new one breaks the integration.

You enable single sign-on (SSO) for the Docusign integration user
:   Envelope templates, custom merge fields, and Docusign send buttons continue to work.
:   Enabling SSO in the Docusign account does not interfere with communications between Salesforce and Docusign.
