---
title: Gen for Salesforce Flow
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=udy1726512459295.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:56Z'
---

# Gen for Salesforce Flow

Learn to build Generate agreement with Docusign actions for
Salesforce Flow.

Important: You must meet the following requirements to trigger Gen from Salesforce flows:

- Install Docusign Apps Launcher v7.7.1 or higher.
- Purchase a Salesforce plan that supports flows and Invocable Apex.

Salesforce Flow is a tool that helps you automate your business processes.
Flow replaces Salesforce Process Builder. [Visit Salesforce for more
information](https://admin.salesforce.com/).

Flow can use any of the following events to generate an agreement with Docusign Gen:

Note: The current API limitation is 100 generations per 10 minutes. If
you want to increase your limit, [contact your Docusign representative](https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-contact-DocuSign-Customer-Support) about options.

- Record created
- Record updated
- Platform event message received
- Flow triggered by another Flow
- Date and time from a Schedule-Triggered Flow

## Example

You build a Record-Triggered Flow and link it to a Docusign Gen
template. You configure the Flow to trigger agreement generation when a record's stage changes
to Proposal/Price Quote. A Salesforce user changes the stage of the Burlington Textiles opportunity
to Proposal/Price Quote. Salesforce triggers the Docusign Gen template linked to your Flow. Docusign generates an agreement using data from the record.

The following topics demonstrate using Gen with Salesforce flows:

- [Add a Generate Agreement with Docusign Action to a Salesforce Flow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=fvj1713565839079.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to add a Generate agreement with Docusign action to your Salesforce Flow to trigger document generation.")
- [Change the Docusign Template Used in a Salesforce Flow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=jik1697735894052.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to change the Docusign template or Salesforce object connected to your Flow.")
- [Create a Generate and Send Experience for
  Salesforce Flow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=kvs1727119250302.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create a Salesforce Flow action that generates an agreement and sends it for Docusign eSignature.")
