---
title: Uninstall Docusign Apps Launcher from Your Salesforce Organization
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=yxe1623689627503.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:59Z'
---

# Uninstall Docusign Apps Launcher from Your Salesforce Organization

Learn to uninstall the Docusign Apps Launcher package of apps from
your Salesforce organization.

You may be required to uninstall the Docusign Apps Launcher package from
your Salesforce organization. The Apps Launcher package contains the CLM, Gen,
Negotiate, and eSignature for Salesforce applications.

You might uninstall the package for the following reasons:

- You want to revert to an earlier version of the Apps Launcher package.
- You installed the latest version for Admins Only, and must reinstall
  for All Users.
- You installed a Beta version of the package and must install the official release.

To uninstall the package, you must first remove all Apps Launcher dependencies from your
Salesforce organization. Dependencies are relationships between Docusign apps and Salesforce buttons, layouts, and objects. The
following examples demonstrate the dependencies between Salesforce and Docusign:

- You add the **Docusign CLM Files** component to the Account
  layout.
- You create a Gen template and add a Gen button to the Opportunities layout.
- You add Salesforce users to the Docusign Generator
  permission set.

Salesforce prompts you to remove these dependencies when you uninstall Apps
Launcher.

Use these procedures to remove all dependencies and uninstall Docusign Apps
Launcher from your organization:

1. [Remove users from Docusign
   Apps Launcher permission sets](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=pnw1623705527946.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to remove all users from Docusign permission sets.")
2. [Remove Docusign Apps
   Launcher components from Salesforce layouts](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=uxu1623708462949.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to remove all Docusign Apps Launcher components from Salesforce layouts.")
3. [Remove Docusign Apps
   Launcher custom buttons from your Salesforce layouts](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=cif1623740064281.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to remove Docusign Apps Launcher custom buttons from your Salesforce layouts.")
4. [Uninstall the Docusign Apps
   Launcher package from your Salesforce organization](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=ump1623741000284.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to uninstall the Docusign Apps Launcher package from your Salesforce organization.")
