---
title: Learn About Adding Tables to Agreement Cloud Editor Templates
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=zeh1586134329665.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:56Z'
---

# Learn About Adding Tables to Agreement Cloud Editor Templates

Learn to add a table to an Agreement Cloud Editor template.

You can add the following table types to an Agreement Cloud Editor template:

## Standard Table

You create a standard table by manually adding the information in your table. You decide
the number of rows and columns in your table, and you manually add data into the cells. You
do not add Salesforce merge fields to a standard table.

Example: You create a standard table in your Agreement Cloud Editor
template. You add one column and enter New England as the header. You
add six rows and enter the name of a New England state in each row. A user generates a
document from a record. The standard table that you created displays in the generated
document.

[Add a Standard Table to an Agreement Cloud Editor Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=zqz1586134333505.html&_LANG=enus "You use the table button to add a standard table to an Agreement Cloud Editor template.")

## Dynamic Table

You create a dynamic table by adding Salesforce line item fields to columns. Docusign uses the line item fields to import Salesforce data to your table.
When you generate a document, Docusign creates a table that adds rows and
columns to match the record's data.

Example: You create a dynamic table in your Agreement Cloud Editor
template containing the Salesforce Region field. A user generates a
document from a record with the Region value of New England. Docusign creates a table with one column and six rows. The column is titled
New England and each row displays the name of a New England
state.

[Add a Dynamic Table to an Agreement Cloud Editor Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=pzt1586134333317.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to add a dynamic table to an Agreement Cloud Editor template.")
