---
title: Learn About Connecting Salesforce and Docusign
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=zfp1586134208988.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:01:49Z'
---

# Learn About Connecting Salesforce and Docusign

Learn to connect your Salesforce organization to your Docusign
account.

Docusign Apps Launcher is a unified package that includes these
applications:

- CLM for Salesforce
- CLM Essentials for Salesforce
- Gen for Salesforce
- eSignature for Salesforce
- eSignature for Salesforce Apex Toolkit

You must connect your Salesforce organization to your Docusign account to
use these apps. To create the connection, you must enter Docusign and
Salesforce administrator credentials on the Docusign Setup page. The
Docusign administrator credentials that you use to connect accounts is
called the integration user.

The integration user must have Salesforce System Administrator access.
The integration user's Salesforce profile must have the Enable MFA for API
logins value set to False.

You can also follow these instructions to [make a
standard Salesforce user your integration user](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=qig1698704091391.html&_LANG=enus).

Note:

- Docusign does not support connecting multiple Salesforce
  organizations to a single Docusign account.
- Docusign recommends that you create a generic integration user. For
  more information, see this topic: [Apps Launcher Integration User Best Practices](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=rhi1657226496755.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how best to manage the integration user that connects your Salesforce and Docusign accounts.").

Example: An administrator at Fontara creates a generic Docusign administrator named
docusign-admin@fontara.com. No person at Fontara uses these
credentials to access their Docusign account. The Fontara administrator
connects Docusign and Salesforce by entering the
`docusign-admin@fontara.com` credentials on the Docusign
Setup page. Since no person uses these credentials, the integration is
protected from administrators leaving or changing roles.

Use a procedure to connect your Docusign account to your Salesforce
organization:

- [Connect a Docusign Production Account to Salesforce](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=qnq1614667628308.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to connect your Salesforce organization to your Docusign production account.")
- [Connect a Docusign Demo Account to Salesforce](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=uxq1614636863027.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to connect your Salesforce org to your Docusign Demo account.")
- [Connect an IL4 or MIL Salesforce Organization to Docusign](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=izj1586134369853&topicId=bye1699036089712.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to connect your IL4 or MIL Salesforce organization to your Docusign account.")
