---
title: Reporting Bugs and Unexpected Issues FAQ
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fzd1707173174972&topicId=aif1751068986497.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T17:33:15Z'
---

# Reporting Bugs and Unexpected Issues FAQ

Look up frequently asked questions related to providing feedback and reporting bugs and
unexpected issues.

Your feedback helps us improve Docusign experiences for users like you. When you share any issues or suggestions, it allows us to understand what is not working and make the necessary improvements.

You can submit feedback on bugs and unexpected issues directly in Docusign.

**What to include in your feedback:**

Provide the following information to help us improve your experience:

- **What you were doing:** Describe the steps or actions that you took before encountering the issue.
- **What you expected to happen:** Explain the intended outcome that you were trying to achieve.
- **What actually happened:** Describe the issue that you encountered.

## What happens after I submit my feedback?

Your feedback is used to help Docusign discover and troubleshoot issues and to help prioritize product enhancements and changes.

## Will I be contacted about the feedback I submit?

Docusign may get in touch via email, if consent was granted.

If you need help from customer support, use the [Docusign Support site](https://support.docusign.com/s/contactSupport) or [create a support case](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=mhs1741642403695.html).

## What data is shared with Docusign when I submit feedback?

Docusign collects the following:

- Data you submit in the feedback form.
- Docusign-generated product data related to the particular feature that you are using. For example, the session ID or timestamp data.
- Feature-specific data points such as playbooks, chat contents, model results, or user prompts and queries.

## Who will have access to my data?

Only the team involved in troubleshooting your issue will access the data you submit.

## How do I know that my feedback has been received?

In-product messaging lets you know that your response was submitted.

## How will I know if an issue has been fixed?

Enhancements and fixes are included in Docusign release notes and other product notices.

## Is the data I submit considered Customer Data, Feedback, or AI Improvement Data?

No, the data that you submit is not considered Customer Data, Feedback, or AI
Improvement Data under Docusign's [Master Services Agreement](https://www.docusign.com/legal/terms-and-conditions/msa) or the [Sites & Services Terms and Conditions](https://www.docusign.com/legal/terms-and-conditions). However, the data that we
receive is handled securely for the purpose of improving Docusign services.
