---
title: "Docusign FAQs\uFEFF for AI"
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fzd1707173174972&topicId=uss1707173279973.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T17:33:15Z'
---

# Docusign FAQs﻿ for AI

Read frequently asked questions about the practices and policies that apply to the use of AI in Docusign products and programs.

Trust, privacy, and transparency have always been at the core of Docusign, and our work with AI is no different. This FAQ shares additional details about the use of AI in Docusign products.

## Does Docusign use my data for AI model training and improvement?

Docusign uses anonymized and aggregated data from consenting customers to improve our AI models to deliver greater value for our customers.

With the introduction of the AI data controls setting on May 30, 2024, Docusign only uses your data to improve its AI models if both of the following are true:

- Your organization has agreed to share its data for AI training through your Docusign service agreement.
- The AI data controls setting is turned on in your account settings.

## What is the "AI data controls" setting?

The AI data controls setting provides additional control for account administrators to manage whether anonymized data is used for training purposes:

- For customers who provide contractual consent, account administrators can turn this setting ***off*** or ***on*** at any time. The toggle is turned ***on*** by default.
- For customers who have not provided contractual consent, the in-product toggle is disabled and set to ***off***. It cannot be changed by an account administrator.

See the [AI Data Controls Setting FAQs](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fzd1707173174972&topicId=dcs1708531444159.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the AI data controls setting, including how to turn the setting on or off, and frequently asked questions (FAQs).") for more information about this setting.

## In cases where Docusign uses my data for AI model training, how is my data protected and secured?

Docusign trains AI models on data from customers only if a customer has given consent. The data is anonymized and aggregated before training occurs.

Docusign takes a multi-pronged privacy and security-centric approach to protect data privacy and confidentiality including: anonymization, aggregation, and encryption.

The Docusign anonymization process removes personal identifiers, such as:

- Name
- Phone numbers
- Email addresses
- Social security numbers (in the U.S.)
- National ID numbers

These measures are designed to prevent data from being used to re-identify or trace back to an individual or organization. For additional security, data is encrypted in transit and rest.

## Which AI models does Docusign use for AI features?

Docusign employs a hybrid-model approach that combines proprietary models with best-in-class third-party LLMs. Proprietary models are developed in-house and are customized open-source AI models. [Third-party models](https://www.docusign.com/trust/privacy/subprocessors-list) are provided by third-party organizations and accessed via API. Docusign uses models from providers like Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service and Google’s Vertex AI, including Gemini models.

## How is customer data protected when Docusign uses third-party AI models?

Docusign ensures robust protections are in place to safeguard the data privacy and security of our customers and users. When working with providers of third-party models, there is:

- **No Training by Third-Party Model Providers:** Customer data is not shared with third-party model providers to train their models for other customers. Anonymized data may be used to customize AI models for Docusign’s AI solutions. Customized models are only available for Docusign to use.
- **No Persistent Data Storage:** Third-party model providers do not store customer data persistently after the model processes the data and returns an output.
- **Responsible AI and Safety Filters:** Docusign uses safety, content, and bias filtering mechanisms to process AI inputs and outputs, ensuring responsible and ethical use.
