---
title: Sign Documents With the Signer-Held Mexican SAT Qualified Certificate
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=ava1696596479046.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Sign Documents With the Signer-Held Mexican SAT Qualified Certificate

Learn how to sign documents using the certificate and private key that the SAT (Tax
Administration Service) office provides to Mexican residents.

## Before you begin

The SAT (Tax Administration Service) provides Mexican taxpayers
with a certificate (.cer file) and a private key (.Key file) they can use to sign
documents. Before you sign with Mexican SAT qualified certificates, you must ensure you
have both items available on the device where you sign documents. For more information
about how to get SAT certificates, see the [Obtain your e.firma certificate](https://www.sat.gob.mx/tramites/16703/obten-tu-certificado-de-e.firma) page.

Someone sent you a Docusign email with documents to review and sign. The sender of the
envelope requires that you sign with a qualified certificate recognized under
Mexican law. As part of the signing process, you must use your qualified SAT
certificate and private key.

The following steps show you how to sign documents with the Signer-Held Mexican
SAT qualified certificate. Alternatively, watch this video to see the steps in
action.

1. Select REVIEW DOCUMENT.

   The Review and sign documents window opens with
   documents to sign.
2. Select CONTINUE.

   You can access your documents.
3. Select START.

   The signature process begins and takes you to the first
   Sign tag.
4. Select the Sign tag.
5. Select CONTINUE.

   The We need to attach your SAT certificate to your
   signature screen displays. It includes the Add your
   .cer file and Add your .key file sections
   for uploading your certificate and private keys.
6. Upload your certificate (.cer file).

   The details of your certificate are displayed in the Add your .cer
   file section.

   Note: If your SAT certificate
   has another format, select the certificate from a different provider in the
   page footer to access the relevant signing workflow.
7. Upload your private key (`.key` file).

   The details of your private key display in the Add your .key
   file section.
8. Enter the password of your certificate.
9. Select Next.

The signing process completes when the You’ve finished
signing! message displays. To access the final document, open the
completed notification email you receive when all recipients have finished signing.
Alternatively, you can access your document from your Docusign
account. If you want to contact the sender of the envelope, reply to the notification
email you received to review and sign the document.
