---
title: Signer-Held Digital Certificates Example
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=chd1715195344747.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Signer-Held Digital Certificates Example

Learn how to sign documents using signer-held digital certificates.

Someone sent you an email with documents to review and sign. You’re using a signer-held certificate to sign the documents in the envelope.

The following steps show you how to sign agreements using signer-held certificates.

1. Select REVIEW DOCUMENT.

   Signers can also access envelopes by selecting the Agreements > Action Required menu. They can open an envelope by selecting SIGN.

   The Please Review & Act on These Documents screen opens.
2. Select START.
3. Select Sign.
4. Select CONTINUE.

   The There’s one more thing to do screen opens.
5. Select Next.

   eSignature checks your setup for the Docusign browser extension and the Docusign PKI application. If you installed both resources on your computer, the Select a certificate screen opens.

   If you’re using your signer-held certificate with eSignature for the first time, the You need our PKI browser extension and PKI software screen opens. Install the Docusign browser extension and the Docusign PKI application. For more information about the installation process, visit the page that corresponds to your browser:
6. Select your signature certificate.
7. Select Next.

   The We’ll use this certificate screen opens with the name of the certificate that you selected.
8. Select Next.

   The We're completing your digital signature screen opens. Docusign shows the following message when eSignature has applied your digital signature to the document: Your digital signature is complete.

   Related information

   - [EU/EEA Trusted List Browser](https://eidas.ec.europa.eu/efda/tl-browser/#/screen/home)
   - [Accepted Trust Service Providers](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xww1594245808169&topicId=def1594657272301.html&_LANG=enus)
