---
title: Digital Signatures for Enhanced Agreement Security
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=hxl1594246065723.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Digital Signatures for Enhanced Agreement Security

Read about how Docusign Digital Signatures meet industry and country
standards for security.

As more business transactions move online, secure signing is more important than ever. An
electronic signature is a secure, binding electronic symbol that’s attached to a
document when you sign it. A Docusign eSignature is typically a
standard electronic signature.

For most use cases, customers, and places, a standard electronic signature is
sufficient. However, transactions in heavily regulated industries, in certain countries
or with governmental entities may require or prefer digital signatures. Digital
signatures offer a heightened level of identity assurance for electronic signatures.

## About Digital Signatures

A digital signature is an electronic signature using cryptographic techniques such as digital
certificates to serve the following purposes:

- Authentication: Confirm the identity of the signer. A signer’s
  digital certificate creates the signature and ensures that signed documents have
  not been tampered with.
- Integrity: Provide assurance that the content of the document has not
  been altered.
- Non-repudiation: Prevent the signer from denying their involvement or
  the validity of the signature.

## Standards for Digital Signatures

There are international standards that specify requirements for digital signatures, such as
the methods used to authenticate a signer. Docusign digital certificate-based
signatures (digital signatures) support your efforts to comply with these
specifications. Such specifications include the European Union’s (EU) Electronic
Identification, Authentication and Trust Services regulation (eIDAS). This
regulation defines two types of certificate-based signatures called Advanced and
Qualified electronic signatures (or AES and QES). Both signatures require identity
authentication to issue a digital certificate.
