---
title: Sign Documents With Signer-Held Digital Certificates
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=lpb1607560293943.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Sign Documents With Signer-Held Digital Certificates

Learn about signing documents using signer-held digital certificates.

Docusign supports signing documents using signer-held digital
certificates. Unlike cloud certificates, signer-held certificates reside on a computer,
a smart card, or a USB drive.

## Before you begin

- Use a desktop or laptop computer when you sign with a signer-held certificate.
- Ensure that you can access your signer-held certificate from your computer. Install the
  corresponding card reader if you use a smart card to store your certificate. Signers
  using a USB token must install the relevant drivers. If you stored your certificate
  on your computer, make sure to install it properly in your computer's certificate
  store.
- Ensure that the computer you are using has an operating system that remains under
  active support by the OS vendor. Environments that have reached the end of support or
  end of life are not eligible for Docusign support or guaranteed compatibility.
- Use one of the following supported browsers: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, or
  Microsoft Edge.

  Note: eSignature no longer supports signer-held
  certificates on Safari.
- Check that your certificate follows this criteria If you want to generate qualified
  electronic signatures (QES) compliant with the European eIDas regulation:
  - The certificate authority (CA) that issued your digital certificate is part of
    the EU trust list
  - A Qualified Electronic Signature Device (QSCD) has issued your digital
    certificate

See the [Accepted Trust Service Providers](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xww1594245808169&topicId=def1594657272301.html&_LANG=enus) topic for a list of all
CAs (also called Trust Service Providers) that partner with eSignature to provide
digital signatures.
