---
title: Sign With the A-Trust Trust Service Provider (TSP) to Issue Qualified Electronic
  Signatures (QES) in the European Union
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=myf1663337058692.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Sign With the A-Trust Trust Service Provider (TSP) to Issue Qualified Electronic Signatures (QES) in the European Union

Learn how to sign documents with the A-Trust Trust Service Provider (TSP). Use this tool
to issue Qualified Electronic Signatures (QES) in the European Union.

## Before you begin

To sign with A-Trust, you must have:

- A valid A-Trust account you can use to generate qualified signatures
- Installed the A-Trust mobile signature application

You can sign documents with the A-Trust Trust Service Provider (TSP) to issue
Qualified Electronic Signatures (QES) in the European Union.

You received an email prompting you to review and sign some documents. The envelope sender
requires you to use A-Trust to sign your documents. Signing with A-Trust creates a
Qualified Electronic Signature (QES).

Note: If you receive multiple envelopes containing documents to sign with
A-Trust, open and complete the envelopes one by one. Finish verifying your identity
and signing before you open the next envelope.

1. Select REVIEW DOCUMENT.

   The document to review and sign displays.
2. Select CONTINUE.

   You can now access the envelope.
3. Apply your signature to all the required SIGN
   tags.
4. Select CONTINUE.

   The Finish Signing screen opens.
5. Select NEXT.

   The A-Trust authentication screen opens.
6. Enter your A-Trust credentials.
7. Select Identify.
8. Follow the instructions on the A-Trust pages.

When A-Trust processes your signature, you receive a notification
that the signing is complete. You can log on to your Docusign account to save a copy of
the document.
