---
title: Install the Docusign Browser Extension and PKI Application on Microsoft Edge
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=oud1687889413195.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Install the Docusign Browser Extension and PKI Application on Microsoft Edge

Follow these instructions to install the Docusign browser extension
and the PKI application for Microsoft Edge.

When you attempt to sign documents with your signer-held certificate, eSignature prompts you
to install the Docusign browser extension and the PKI application.
Follow these instructions to install the Docusign browser
extension and the PKI application for Microsoft Edge.

1. Select Install to open the Edge Add-ons store Docusign
    PKI page.
2. Select Get to display the Add Docusign
   PKI overlay.
3. Select Add extension.

   The following message displays: Docusign PKI has been added to Microsoft
   Edge.
4. Return to the You need our PKI browser extension and PKI
   software screen and select Next to display
   the Docusign PKI software installation screen.
5. Select Download to download the Docusign
   .exe file to your computer.
6. Run the Docusign.exe file and follow the
   Docusign PKI Setup wizard instructions.
7. Return to the Docusign PKI software installation screen
   and select Next to display the Select a
   certificate screen.

## Next steps

Complete the signature process as described in the [Sign Documents With Signer-Held Digital Certificates](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=lpb1607560293943.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about signing documents using signer-held digital certificates.") article.
