---
title: Install the Docusign Browser Extension and PKI Application on Mozilla Firefox
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=oxc1687889259474.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Install the Docusign Browser Extension and PKI Application on Mozilla Firefox

Follow these instructions to install the Docusign browser extension
and the PKI application for Mozilla Firefox.

When you attempt to sign documents with your signer-held certificate, eSignature prompts you
to install the Docusign browser extension and the PKI application.
Follow these instructions to install the Docusign browser
extension and the PKI application for Mozilla Firefox.

1. Select Install to install the add-on on your browser and
   open the Add Docusign PKI overlay.
2. Select Add.

   The following message
   displays:

   ```
   |  |  |
   | --- | --- |
   |  | Docusign PKI was added. |
   ```
3. Select OK.
4. Return to the You need our PKI browser extension and PKI
   software screen and select Next to open
   the Docusign PKI software installation screen.
5. Select Next to open the License
   Agreement screen.
6. Select the I accept the terms of the License Agreement
   checkbox and select Next to display the Choose
   Components screen.
7. Select Install to install and follow the steps to
   install the `Docusign PKI`  application on your computer and
   complete the installation.
8. Return to the Docusign PKI software installation screen
   and select Next to display the Select a
   certificate screen.

## Next steps

Complete the signature process as described in the [Sign Documents With Signer-Held Digital Certificates](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=lpb1607560293943.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about signing documents using signer-held digital certificates.") article.
