---
title: "Sign With IDnow - EU Qualified to Issue GwG Compliant and Qualified Electronic\
  \ Signatures\uFEFF"
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=qtp1635247113600.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Sign With IDnow - EU Qualified to Issue GwG Compliant and Qualified Electronic Signatures﻿

Learn how to sign documents with qualified electronic signatures (QES) using the IDnow
application.

## Before you begin

If you want to verify your identity using IDnow VideoIdent, you must
comply with the following requirements:

- You have a valid ID as listed on the [Documents
  Supported by Docusign](https://go.idnow.de/docusign/documents) page
- You have a webcam available on your computer, tablet, or smartphone
- You have a mobile phone to receive the IDnow activation code by SMS

If you want to verify your identity using your German ID, you must comply with the
following requirements:

- You have a mobile phone with Near Field Communication (NFC) enabled
- Your German ID has the eID functionality enabled. You know the PIN associated
  with your electronic ID

Note:

IDnow Trust Service AB is now the Trust Service Provider (TSP) for video
identification and eID solutions. Previously, Docusign France
was the signer certificate. Today, IDnow Trust Service AB handles certificate
issuance.

A sender sent you a Docusign envelope containing documents to review and
sign with the IDnow Trust Service Provider (TSP). The sender requests that you
generate an eIDAS-compliant Qualified Electronic Signature (QES). They may also
request that it comply with GwG.

1. Select REVIEW DOCUMENT in the Docusign email.

   Docusign opens the envelope.
2. Select CONTINUE to access the envelope.
3. Select the START tag to begin the signature
   process.
4. Select all the required SIGN tags.
5. Select CONTINUE.

   If you have not created an IDnow account yet, a dialog box opens
   requesting your authorization for IDnow to read and apply digital
   signatures.
6. Select ACCEPT.

   Docusign redirects you to the
   Identification step of the IDnow identification
   service.
7. Select a device to verify your identity: Smartphone App
   or Computer and Webcam.

   If you selected Smartphone App, IDnow displays a
   QR code for you to scan using your smartphone. If already installed, the IDnow
   application opens on your mobile phone. Otherwise, IDnow lets you download and
   install it. As the application executes, IDnow lets you choose between the
   following identification methods: Video call or
   eID.

   If you selected Computer and
   Webcam, IDnow redirects you to its web application. IDnow
   will use Video call to verify your identity.

   Note: select Smartphone App
   if you want to identify using your German ID.
8. Select an identification method: Video call or
   eID.

When you select Video Call, an agent will
guide you through the verification process. If you choose the eID
flow, the IDnow application prompts you to scan your eID and submit the associated PIN.
Next, you must place your mobile phone over your German ID to enable NFC-chip
scanning.

Once the IDnow application or the agent has verified your identity,
IDnow generates a qualified electronic signature. Docusign
receives the signature and appends it to the document. The “Your digital signature
is complete” screen opens.

## Next steps

If the sender requests that your signature complies with GwG, IDnow creates a KYC
(Know Your Customer) file. You can retrieve this file using the Docusign eSignature
API or the IDnow API within 90 days. For more information, read the [IDnow GwG Compliant and Qualified Electronic Signatures](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=ukt1742396525044.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about GwG, its main requirements, and how IDnow integrates with Docusign to provide compliant, qualified electronic and digital signatures.") help
topic.
