---
title: Install the Docusign Browser Extension and PKI Application on Google Chrome
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=tir1687888983224.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Install the Docusign Browser Extension and PKI Application on Google Chrome

Follow these instructions to install the Docusign browser extension and the PKI
application for Google Chrome.

When you attempt to sign documents with your signer-held certificate, eSignature prompts you
to install the Docusign browser extension and the PKI application.
Follow these instructions described in the [Sign Documents With Signer-Held Digital Certificates](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=lpb1607560293943.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about signing documents using signer-held digital certificates.") article to install the Docusign browser extension and the PKI application for Google
Chrome.

1. Select Install.
2. Select Add to Chrome to open the Add Docusign
   PKI overlay.
3. Select Add extension.

   The following message displays: `Docusign PKI has been added to
   Chrome`.
4. Return to the You need our PKI browser extension and PKI
   software screen and select Next to display
   the Docusign PKI software installation screen.
5. Select Download to download the
   DocusignPKI.exe file on your computer.
6. Run the DocusignPKI.exe file and follow the
   Docusign PKI Setup wizard steps to install the
   Docusign PKI application on your computer.
7. Return to the Docusign PKI software installation screen
   and select Next.

   The Select a certificate screen opens.

## Next steps

Complete the signature process as described in the [Sign Documents With Signer-Held Digital Certificates](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=lpb1607560293943.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about signing documents using signer-held digital certificates.") article.
