---
title: IDnow GwG Compliant and Qualified Electronic Signatures
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=ukt1742396525044.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# IDnow GwG Compliant and Qualified Electronic Signatures

Learn about GwG, its main requirements, and how IDnow integrates with Docusign to
provide compliant, qualified electronic and digital signatures.

Docusign partners with IDnow to provide GwG and eIDAS-compliant
Qualified Electronic Signatures (QES). Signers can use the IDnow VideoIdent or eID
service to verify their identity. If the verification is successful, the IDnow Trust
Service Provider generates a qualified signature and sends it to Docusign. When customers request a GwG-compliant signature, they
initiate the creation of a KYC (Know Your Customer) file. IDnow creates the evidence
file for the KYC process.

## Docusign and IDnow for GwG compliant signatures

BaFin stands for Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, the Federal
Financial Supervisory Authority in Germany. BaFin enforces the German Anti-Money
Laundering Act. GwG stands for Geldwäschegesetz and outlines strict rules for
financial institutions. These rules address customer due diligence, risk assessment,
and the detection of money laundering and terrorist financing. Noncompliance with
these regulations can trigger significant fines.

Docusign offers GwG-compliant remote identification through IDnow. This
solution supports a Qualified Electronic Signature (QES) that meets strict security
standards. IDnow gathers the required Know Your Customer (KYC) data and ensures
authenticity through video identification (VideoIdent) or electronic ID (eID)
methods.

Clients who use Docusign and IDnow benefit from a consistent signing
experience. Docusign creates a secure workflow, and IDnow verifies
the identity. If the verification is successful, IDnow generates a qualified
signature and sends it to Docusign, which appends it to the
documents. Next, IDnow generates an evidence file for the KYC process. This approach
satisfies GwG's requirements for strong customer due diligence. It also helps
mitigate the risk of identity fraud and enables you to meet Anti-Money Laundering
(AML) and KYC obligations.

## Enabling the IDnow Trust Service Provider

To add IDnow GwG compliant and QES signatures to your agreements, you must add the IDnow EU
Qualified signature type to your account. For more information, contact your account
representative at Docusign.

## Retrieving the KYC information

When customers request GwG-compliant signatures, IDnow creates a KYC (Know Your
Customer) evidence file. By default, customers who added the IDnow TSP to their Docusign account after February 27th, 2026, can ask their
integrators or API administrators to retrieve this evidence file using the Docusign eSignature API. If they added the IDnow TSP before that
date, integrators must use the IDnow API to retrieve the KYC file. The KYC file is
available for 90 days.

Note: Contact your Docusign representative for more information on how to use the Docusign or the IDnow API to retrieve the KYC file. Contact them also if
you want to change the way you retrieve the KYC evidence file and use either the Docusign eSignature API or the IDnow API.

Important: It is the customer's responsibility to
maintain a record of the KYC data in accordance with the German Anti-Money
Laundering Act (GwG).

## Transition to Swedish TSP and removal of SMS OTP requirement

IDnow Trust Service AB is now the Trust Service Provider (TSP) for video identification and
eID solutions. Previously, Docusign France was the signer
certificate. Today, IDnow Trust Service AB handles certificate issuance. This change in TSP also resulted in an updated signing experience where the SMS OTP (one-time password) is no longer required at the end of the process. This optimization is part of the new workflow and is compliant with QES regulations.
