---
title: Sign With the UAE PASS
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=und1710507404637.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Sign With the UAE PASS

Learn how to sign documents with the UAE PASS Trust Service Provider (TSP). Use this
tool to issue signatures that are compliant with the UAE electronic transactions and trust
services law.

## Before you begin

To sign with UAE PASS, make sure you comply with the following
requirements:

- Verify your identity through the UAE PASS mobile application
- Use a device whose operating system is Microsoft Windows, iOS 16.x or newer, or Android 8.0
  or newer.

  Note: Enable background application refresh on
  your mobile phone to update the UAE PASS application even when you’re not
  using it.
- Use the Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, or Mozilla Firefox browser
- Use distinct devices for authentication and signing

You received an email prompting you to review and sign documents. The envelope sender
requires you to use UAE PASS to sign your documents.

1. Select REVIEW DOCUMENT in the Docusign email.

   Docusign redirects you to the document to review.
2. Select CONTINUE.

   You can now access the envelope.
3. Apply your signature to all the required SIGN
   tags.
4. Select CONTINUE.

   Docusign opens the Finish Signing dialog
   box.
5. Select NEXT.
6. Select Allow Access.

   Docusign opens the UAE PASS authentication dialog box.
7. Enter your UAE PASS credential.
8. Select Login.
9. Follow the instructions in the UAE PASS mobile application.

When UAE PASS finishes processing your signature, you get notified
that the signing is complete. You can log in to Docusign to save a
copy of the document to your Docusign account.
