---
title: Sign With itsme
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=zhb1615567467223.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:46Z'
---

# Sign With itsme

Learn how to sign a document with Docusign and a Belgian digital ID
from itsme.

If you’re eligible for a digital ID from itsme, as described in the [itsme is](https://www.itsme.be/) article, a sender
can require you to sign with one. Signing with this ID creates an extra-secure
Qualified Electronic Signature (QES). You must switch between your browser and the
itsme mobile app.

Note: If you receive multiple envelopes containing
documents to sign with Docusign and itsme, open and complete the
envelopes one by one. Finish verifying your identity and signing before you open the
next envelope.

1. In the notification that you have a document to sign, select REVIEW
   DOCUMENT.
2. Sign the document by following the steps in the [How do I sign a Docusign Document?](https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing)
   article, and select CONTINUE.
3. You’re prompted to use itsme to finish signing. Select
   NEXT.
4. In your browser, enter your mobile phone number and select
   send to send an action, or signing
   request, to the itsme mobile app.
5. Open the itsme mobile app on your mobile device.

   Note: After you open the
   itsme mobile app, you have three minutes to complete all the steps that
   itsme requires to confirm the request.
6. Open and review the action that displays in the itsme mobile app and select
   Confirm to confirm that you want to sign the
   document.
7. A set of icons displays in your browser. Make sure the icons that display in
   the itsme mobile app are identical to the set in your browser.
8. If the icons match, in the itsme mobile app, select the icon that’s orange in
   your browser.
9. To confirm the request, enter your 5-digit itsme code.

Your browser returns to the document and a message confirm that
you’re finished signing.
