---
title: Access your Docusign Account with a Passkey
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yca1573855023892&topicId=zyl1706284885148.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:14:44Z'
---

# Access your Docusign Account with a Passkey

Learn how to access your Docusign agreements and account using a passkey.

To securely log on to your Docusign account, you can access your Docusign agreements and
account using a passkey. Passkeys are a safer alternative to passwords, eliminating
the possibility of forgotten or incorrect passwords. With passkeys, you can use any
authentication method on your device, such as fingerprint, face recognition, or a
device PIN. You can also sync passkeys across devices and platforms, including
iCloud, Google Password Manager, or by scanning a QR code.

1. Log on to your account through a mobile device.
2. Select the passkey method.
   - Face recognition using your mobile device's camera, and then scanning a QR code from
     your computer.
   - Finger print using your mobile device
   - Entering a PIN on your mobile device
3. To synch the passcode to all devices, log on to your Docusign account through
   your computer.
4. Select User Phone or Tablet.
5. Enter your passkey.
   - Face recognition: Scan a QR code from your mobile device.
   - Finger print using your mobile device: Use your fingerprint on your
     mobile device.
   - Enter the PIN you created on your mobile device.
6. Once your passkey is accepted, log on to your Docusign Account.

You can now access your Docusign account from any device
with the passkey.
