---
title: Why participants can't skip identity verification in a workflow?
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=aak1738768393060.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# Why participants can't skip identity verification in a workflow?

Troubleshoot why Workflow Builder did not skip identity verification in a Send
Documents for Signature step.

Participants completed the Verify Someone's Identity step and
expected the system to skip re-verification in the subsequent Send Documents for
Signature step. However, the process required them to verify their identity
again.

Here are some potential reasons identity claims did not skip the
verification:

- The identity claim expired before participants reached the Send
  Documents for Signature step
- Participants used a different device or browser for the Send Documents
  for Signature step
- The participant’s name in the identity claim does not match the name in the
  envelope
- The ID Verification configuration for Send Documents for
  Signature differs from the one used in the original
  Verify Someone's Identity step

## The identity claim expired before participants reached the Send Documents for Signature step

If the identity claim expires,
participants must complete a new identity verification.

## Participants used a different device or browser for the Send Documents for Signature step

Participants must use the same device
and browser for both the Verify Someone's Identity and the
Send Documents for Signature steps. Identity claims only
apply if they do not change devices or browsers.

## The participant’s name in the identity claim does not match the name in the envelope

Participants and process builders must
ensure name consistency. They must verify that the name used to generate the identity
claim exactly matches the recipient’s name in the envelope for the Send
Documents for Signature step.

## The ID Verification configuration for Send Documents for Signature differs from the one used in the original Verify Someone's Identity step

Process builders must match the ID
Verification configuration. They must confirm that the Send Documents for
Signature step and the original Verify Someone's
Identity step use the same ID Verification configuration.
