---
title: Workflow Migration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=con03a49b0b-428d-4a5e-a5f0-ae8408072abd.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:37Z'
---

# Workflow Migration

Read about how Docusign has migrated older workflows to adapt to our most recent product enhancements. This update provides you with access to new features and improved functionality.

Docusign is continually advancing the capabilities and functionality of
the Workflow Builder platform. To ensure that your workflows can take advantage of our latest
releases, we are automatically updating your older workflows to the latest version.

## What's happening?

Docusign is automatically migrating older workflows to the newest format. In this process, we are creating a draft version of your published workflow and migrating it to the latest version. All draft workflows will also be migrated.

This important update allows us to provide you with the latest Workflow Builder features. For details on
the new functionality, see the [What's changing?](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=con03a49b0b-428d-4a5e-a5f0-ae8408072abd.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=con03a49b0b-428d-4a5e-a5f0-ae8408072abd__title-25)
section in this topic.

Important:

Your existing published workflows will remain active and continue to function as
they did before the migration. This ensures that there is no interruption to
your live workflows. You can use the new draft version created by the migration
to explore the updates and new features.

When you edit a migrated draft, you will see a notification banner that says, "We've
migrated you to the latest workflow version. Learn More." To use the new features
and latest format, you must [review and publish](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=tskf086e141-baa5-4a34-bd8e-48989d01cbec.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to review and publish a draft workflow after Docusign automatically migrates it from an older format. When you publish the draft, that will activate the new features and replace the active older version.")
the migrated draft.

After the migration, the Last Updated date for a workflow will reflect when the updated draft was created or updated.

Note: Older workflows cannot be imported in their unmigrated state. To import a workflow, it must first be edited and migrated to the new version.

## What's changing?

The latest workflow format includes several changes to improve functionality and simplify the design process:

- **eSignature steps:** The Get Signatures step is now
  separated into two distinct steps. The original configuration settings will be
  retained and located in the appropriate new step.

  - Prepare eSignature
    Template. This step prepares a document to send for signature. This step uses an envelope template from your account. You can prefill recipient fields by mapping them to workflow variables.
  - Send Documents for
    Signature. You use this step to present a document to one or more participants to view, sign, or receive a copy. The documents you send come from either a Prepare eSignature Template or one or more Generate Document steps.
- **Participant information:** Participant data, previously contained in a single object (the Update Participant Info step), is now moved to the steps where it is needed.
- **Prepare Document Template step:** Create dynamic documents from a document template and data from a workflow instance.
- **Merging conditional paths:** Combine two or more paths in a branching rule to lead to a common outcome.
- **Suggested next steps:** Workflow intelligence provides a helpful list of suggested next steps to simplify the workflow design process.
