---
title: 'Managing Multiple Documents in Workflow Builder Envelopes: Order and Limits'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=con30310a57-3e53-40f2-a7f0-d9e099874eaa.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# Managing Multiple Documents in Workflow Builder Envelopes: Order and Limits

Read about how to add, reorder, and combine multiple documents or templates in a **Send Documents for Signature** step, and learn about the limits for document types, quantity, and recipient mapping.

When sending documents for signature, the order of documents in an envelope matters. Customers often include multiple files where the sequence impacts readability and the signing flow.
You can **define the order of documents** in the Send Documents for Signature step to make sure your recipients receive files in the correct sequence.

As a process builder, you can add three types of documents to an eSignature step:

- **Prepared eSignature template**: The template roles are applied to the envelope as recipients.
- **Prepared document templates**: The template roles are applied to the envelope as recipients. If you add multiple document templates, any duplicated roles are consolidated. For example, you have two templates that both use "Signer 1". These roles are consolidated in the eSignature step so that only one "Signer 1" recipient appears.
- **Supporting documents**: These are extra files that do not contain recipient roles or fields for data input. Examples include Salesforce files and web forms attachments.

The step must include one "primary document". A primary document is either a prepared eSignature or document template. if you add multiple documents to the step, you can click and drag the files to rearrange the presentation order to ensure recipients receive files in the intended sequence.

## Limitations and considerations

This section includes important restrictions and limits you should be aware of:

- Only one Prepared eSignature template can be used in an envelope.

  - Prepared Document templates cannot be included with an eSignature template.
  - Up to 129 supporting documents can be included with an eSignature template.
- Up to 15 Prepared document templates can be added to an envelope. (1 primary generated document and 14 additional.)
- Up to 130 documents in total can be added to a Send Documents for Signature step. Examples:

  - 1 Prepared envelope template and 129 supporting documents.
  - 15 Prepared document templates and 115 supporting documents.
  - 10 Prepared document templates and 120 supporting documents
- Envelope size limits are subject to the existing eSignature limits as described in [this help article](https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/Limitations-When-Creating-or-Signing-an-Envelope-in-DocuSign).
