---
title: Enhance CLM Workflows with Workflow Builder Automation
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=hmz1727408977389.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:35Z'
---

# Enhance CLM Workflows with Workflow Builder Automation

Learn how process builders trigger Workflow Builder processes from Docusign CLM to access advanced delivery options and signature features.

To enhance a workflow in Docusign CLM, a process builder can trigger
Workflow Builder processes from a CLM workflow. This integration gives the CLM
workflow access to business activities like WhatsApp delivery, SMS delivery, and more.

Important: For complete information and instructions for
using this functionality, see the CLM documentation about [using Workflow Builder to enhance CLM workflows](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yks1643320936212&topicId=ksq1726176610413.html&_LANG=enus).

This topic describes the basic process:

1. A process builder defines a data model. The model contains information that you want
   to send to CLM when the process completes. The model also specifies where
   you want to send the workflow data in CLM.
2. The process builder creates and publishes a workflow that uses the From Docusign CLM Workflow start method. This workflow can
   contain standard workflow steps.

   Note: The workflow must use the From Docusign CLM Workflow start method.

   To work with CLM, the workflow also
   includes some or all of the following steps:

   Use eSignature API
   :   Lets users select from eSignature APIs to access advanced signature
       features.

   Add Documents to an Envelope
   :   Retrieves documents from CLM and adds them to an envelope.

   Store Files in CLM
   :   Sends signed agreements back to CLM after the envelope completes.

   Send Data to CLM
   :   (Required) Uses your data model to send captured information back to the CLM workflow instance. This step also
       signals that the process is complete.

   Send on someone’s behalf
   :   Requests consent to send eSignature envelopes on behalf of a user other
       than the user who created the Workflow Builder workflow.
3. The process builder defines a payload that a CLM workflow can pass to the
   workflow. The payload contains any required data for invoking eSignature APIs. This
   allows Workflow Builder to execute the desired business activity.
4. The process builder builds and starts a CLM workflow that triggers the
   process and passes the payload. Workflow Builder then executes the business
   activity. For example, you can send agreements through WhatsApp delivery.
