---
title: Configure a Collect Data From an ID Data Step
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=huu1708131883761.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# Configure a Collect Data From an ID Data Step

Learn how to configure a Collect ID Data step in an agreement workflow. You use this
step to extract information from a participant's government-issued ID to autofill data in
later workflow steps.

You use a Collect Data From an ID step to gather a participant's identity
data. With this step, you collect information from a participant's government-issued
ID to autofill data in later workflow steps. Participants can use a passport,
government-issued photo ID, or electronic ID (eID) for this step.

Use this step when a participant's information is unknown and you need to gather their identity details. This action automatically extracts information from several fields on their ID, allowing you to autofill fields in later workflow steps. If you want to validate a participant's identity, use the verify
identity step instead. See the topic [Configure a Verify Someone's Identity Step](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=qht1698126463108.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to configure a Verify Someone's Identity step in an agreement workflow. You use an identity verification step to verify a participant's identity using Docusign's ID Verification process.").

A typical process with this step type might be for your participant to start your
workflow from a link. Next, they present their passport or photo ID. The information gathered during this step populates a web form, which then flows directly into an agreement document for signature.

Depending on the ID type presented, we will attempt to extract the following fields.
Note that some data fields may be missing or incorrect based on the ID type or photo
quality.

- validated
- fullname
- person\_id
- session\_id
- person\_name
- trace\_uid
- provider\_name
- task\_uid
- type\_of\_id
- country\_selected\_by\_signer
- last\_names
- middle\_names
- first\_names
- sex
- date\_of\_birth
- place\_of\_birth
- nationality
- issuing\_country
- issuance\_date
- color\_of\_eyes
- height
- residence\_address
- issuing\_authority
- id\_number
- expiration\_date

You can view details from a completed collect ID data step when monitoring a running
workflow. The Status Details for the step lists key details
for the identity verification activity. This information includes the identification
method, the time the verification was performed, and the result. For information on
how to monitor a workflow process, see the topic [Monitor a Running Workflow Instance](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vcp1698707326210.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to check the progress of the agreement instances you start from a workflow.").

1. Create a workflow as described in [Create a Basic Workflow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uhm1697826856678.html&_LANG=enus "Learn the basics of how to create an agreement workflow. Process creators and account administrators can create workflows to automate the agreement process.").
2. Select Add a step >  Collect Data From an ID >  Configure.
3. Specify who will participate in this step. Any pre-existing participants you
   configured are listed in the dropdown list. To add a new participant, select
   View or Add Participants.
4. Select Next > Apply.

Your Collect Data From an ID step is configured. You can use
the data gathered in this step in any subsequent steps in your workflow.
