---
title: Move Workflows Between Accounts
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=ido1742412963235.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:38Z'
---

# Move Workflows Between Accounts

Use the export and import functions to copy a workflow between accounts, and even
between Docusign environments.

The ability to export and import workflows is useful when you want to move copies around. You
can use the export and import functions to copy workflows between accounts and between
Docusign environments. You can even use these functions to clone a
workflow within the same account.

Note: Some of the information in this topic refers to new
functionality that may not yet be available for your account.

## Use cases

With the export and import functions, you can create a complete copy of any published
workflow in your account. Here are some common use cases:

From testing to production
:   You create and test a workflow in your Demo account. When you're ready to go
    live with a real business use case, you export the workflow from your Demo
    account and import it to your Production account.

Share with a partner
:   You have a workflow that you want to share with a business partner who has
    their own Docusign account. You export a copy of the
    workflow from your account and provide the downloaded zip file to your
    partner. They upload the workflow to their account.

Create a copy for your own use
:   You have a workflow that you want to preserve and also modify for a new use
    case. You export a copy of the workflow from your account and import it back
    to the same account. This creates a complete draft that you can edit as
    needed without disrupting the original workflow.

## What workflow details are preserved?

When you export a workflow, you create a download with all of the workflow details
and referenced resources. This means that when you later import the workflow into
another account, the step details are preserved. Any resources referenced in the
steps are added to the new account. For example, the web form used in a Collect Data
with Web Forms step.

The imported workflow includes:

- All agreement steps and their configuration details, such as a web form or
  eSignature step.
- All steps for third-party extensions, such as Salesforce read and write
  steps.
- All field mappings configured in workflow steps.
- All web forms and templates used in workflow steps.
- All utility steps, such as branching, confirmation screen, and invitation
  steps.

## Permissions and other requirements

You must have Workflows: Create or Workflows: Manage permissions to export or
import workflows. If your workflow includes web form or eSignature template steps,
you'll need the permissions to create those assets as well. See the topic [Workflow Builder Roles and Permission Requirements](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=gbb1696973048215.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the different roles involved with creating and using workflows with Docusign Workflow Builder. Each role requires specific user permissions.").

If a workflow includes third-party extension apps, those apps must be installed and
connected to include the step details and configurations when you import it to your
account. Only account administrators can install extension apps.
