---
title: ID Evidence in Workflow Builder
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=kmm1749205469137.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:38Z'
---

# ID Evidence in Workflow Builder

Read about ID Evidence integration with Workflow Builder and how it helps deliver evidence of the ID verification process.

ID Evidence stores data captured during the Verify Someone’s Identity or Risk Assessment steps. For example, during a Verify Someone’s Identity step, ID Evidence can collect data such as the participant’s name or address.

Process builders use ID Evidence to track data in the step process. They can also use the collected data to comply with KYC (Know Your Customer), AML (Anti-Money Laundering) requirements, as well as internal regulations.

## ID Evidence Process

When a participant goes through a Verify Someone’s Identity or a Risk Assessment step, ID Evidence collects the data that the administrator configured. For example, in a Verify Someone’s Identity step, ID Evidence can collect the participant’s name, the identity verification result, and the identity document submitted.

Once the participant completes the step, the workflow proceeds with the following steps until it reaches the Store files step. At this stage, the system exports the ID Evidence data as a PDF to a storage provider, according to the Store files step configuration. For example, if the process builder added a Store files in Google Drive step, ID Evidence exports the PDF file to the configured directory.

## ID Evidence configuration with Workflow Builder

To store identity data from a workflow using ID Evidence, process builders must use a Verify Someone’s Identity or a Risk Assessment step. Process builders must configure those steps to authorize data storage. In addition, they must add a Store files step after the Verify Someone’s Identity or the Risk Assessment step. Properly configuring the Store files step ensures that the ID Evidence data goes to the correct directory. For more information about configuring data storage for Verify Someone’s Identity steps, read the [Identity Verification Configurations](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=eya1583277454804.html&_LANG=enus) help pages. Read the [Configure a Risk Assessment Step](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=tsk6ecf58be-0285-4608-92cd-66252f6e07a5.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to configure the Risk Assessment step in a workflow. This step gathers participant risk signals for dynamic orchestration, data-driven decisions, and simplified compliance.") page for more information about Risk Assessment steps data storage.

## Available storage providers

Process builders can use the following storage providers when configuring a Store files step to export ID Evidence data:

- Google Drive
- Box
- Dropbox
- OneDrive
- SharePoint

## Available identity verification data

The data that ID Evidence collects depends on the data storage configuration selected for your step.

There are two types of data ID Evidence can collect in a Verify Someone’s Identity step: default data and configurable data. Default data includes the status of identity verification and the name of the provider that verified the ID document. It does not provide personally identifiable information (PII). Configurable data is additional information that you can store in ID Evidence. For example, if the process builder uses the Liveness Detection for ID Verification configuration, they can add the selfie video to the ID Evidence stored data.

The process builder is responsible for adding configurable data to the ID Evidence collection. They decide which additional information, including personally identifiable information (PII), to store. Docusign cannot be held responsible if PII is accessible within the configurable data.

From a GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) perspective, the process builder is the "data controller" and determines what data to collect and store. Docusign, the "data processor", operates on behalf of its customers to store and manage the data according to the administrator's configuration.

## Limitations

ID Evidence has the following limitations when collecting data from a workflow step:

- The redaction of ID Evidence data is not available
- The Evidence data is not available through the API
- The Phone Authentication configuration does not generate ID Evidence data in the Verify Someone’s Identity step

## Data retention and storage

By default, ID Evidence keeps its data forever. You can access your data as long as you have access to your Docusign account. The location of your ID Evidence data depends on your Docusign account. For example, European accounts have their data stored in Europe.
