---
title: Configure a Verify Someone's Identity Step
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=qht1698126463108.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# Configure a Verify Someone's Identity Step

Learn how to configure a Verify Someone's Identity step in an agreement workflow. You use an identity verification step to verify a participant's identity using Docusign's ID Verification process.

## Before you begin

Before configuring a Verify Someone's Identity step, ensure you meet the following prerequisites:

- You know the name of the participants whose identity you want to verify at the point in your workflow where you add the step
- You’re using an ID Verification configuration that respects the following criteria:

  1. The configuration does not include the **Manually review the ID document** option
  2. The configuration does not include the **Allow SMS authentication after one successful Photo ID or Passport verification** option

You’re a process builder who wants to add a **Verify Someone's Identity** step to your agreement process. You’re adding this **Verify Someone's Identity** step for verifying participants’ identity and gathering identity data later in the workflow. You may consider using this step to secure access to envelopes. However, you do not want to use it only for that purpose.

Note: If your workflow requires ID verification only to access and sign agreements, use the Send Documents for Signature step. For more information, read the [Configure a Send Documents for Signature Step](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uww1698167288211.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to add and configure a workflow step to send a document for signature.").

If you add a Verify Someone's Identity step, you may need to record the verification details in ID Evidence. In this case, you must include a Store files step after the Verify someone's identity step in the workflow. Adding this step ensures that ID Evidence stores the identity verification data in a proof file within the designated archive folder.

1. Create a workflow as described in [Create a Basic Workflow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uhm1697826856678.html&_LANG=enus "Learn the basics of how to create an agreement workflow. Process creators and account administrators can create workflows to automate the agreement process.").

   The workflow configuration begins. You can now add a new step.
2. Select Add a step >  Verify Someone's Identity > Configure.

   The configuration pane for your step opens.
3. Select the identification verification configuration your participants will use to identify themselves.

   Available flows include all supported identity verification configurations. For more information on supported configurations, read the [Supported identity verification methods](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uak1735246809132.html&anchor=uak1735246809132__section_jrd_ndj_vdc&_LANG=enus) page.
4. Select Next.
5. Select a participant for the step.

   The dropdown lists any pre-existing participants you have configured. To add a new participant, select or Add Participants.
6. Select a variable to map to the selected participant's name.

   You can map data from configured starting variables or from data gathered in any previous step, such as a web forms step. These are the fields that will be used to verify identity against the ID document fields or Knowledge-Based answers provided by the participant.

   Note: If the participant information was mapped in a prior step, this mapping is carried forward to the current step. You can change the mapping if needed.
7. Select Apply.

The verification step is now configured. You can view details from a completed verify identity step when monitoring an existing workflow. The step's Status Details lists key information for the identity verification activity. It includes the identification method, the time of the verification, and the result. See the [Monitor a Running Workflow Instance](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vcp1698707326210.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to check the progress of the agreement instances you start from a workflow.") topic for information on monitoring a workflow process.

## Next steps

If you add a Verify Someone's Identity step, consider including a Store files step after it to record the verification details. Adding this step allows ID Evidence to store the identity verification data in a proof file within the designated archive folder. For more information, read the [Capture ID Evidence Data](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=dar1749205503877.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to configure your workflow to enable ID Evidence to capture data.") page.
