---
title: Pause a Published Workflow
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=qjh1737765697764.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:37Z'
---

# Pause a Published Workflow

Learn how to pause a workflow or resume a paused workflow.

Pausing a published workflow allows all running instances to continue but no new instances can
be started. You can resume a paused workflow at any time to return it to a published
state. Pausing preserves the workflow URL. If you have embedded or distributed the
URL anywhere, it won't allow new instances to start. But when you resume the
workflow, the URL will once again allow new instances.

Paused workflows are included in your account's quota of active workflows. If you
want to unpublish a workflow to remove it from this quota, you must first pause it.

1. Log in to your Docusign account and select Agreements >  Workflows.

   The Workflows list shows all workflows that you
   have access to.
2. Locate the workflow that you want to pause. Filter by Status:
   Published and Created by: Me.
3. Select the workflow more actions menu and choose
   Pause New Instances.

   Your workflow status changes to "Paused". Any running instances will
   continue but no new instances can be started. Once all instances are complete or
   canceled, you can unpublish the workflow.
4. To unpause the workflow, select the more actions menu
   and choose Resume New Instances.

   Your workflow status changes back to "Published". The workflow is
   available to start new instances.
