---
title: eSignature Requirements and Other Information
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=qkf1716338686555.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# eSignature Requirements and Other Information

Read about some important requirements to consider when configuring a Send Documents for Signature step.

Using a Send Documents for Signature step in a workflow involves certain requirements. This topic provides additional information to consider when configuring this step type.

## Multi-channel delivery for notifications

If your Send Documents for Signature step uses a template that specifies a SMS or WhatsApp notification method, your account settings must allow for these delivery methods. Your account administrator manages these settings in Admin >  Sending Settings >  Fields and Properties.

To use both SMS text message and email delivery methods together, your account administrator must also ensure the Allow SMS delivery to recipients user permission is enabled for your user profile. If you are unable to follow the steps in this topic, contact your account administrator to enable these options. Read more about these methods in the topic [Multi-Channel Delivery for Notifications: SMS and WhatsApp](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gav1643676262430&topicId=kwk1607393003979.html&_LANG=enus).

## Direct signing

By default, the first signer's experience is *direct signing*. This option takes them directly from a prior workflow step (such as a web form or ID Verification step) into the signing session. If you choose to turn off direct signing for your first signer, they will use the eSignature notification to access the signing session.

Note: Direct signing is not available for Docusign IAM accounts with a Life Sciences 21 CFR Part 11 module. These accounts must remote signing where all recipients receive a link to the envelope to comply with Part 11 requirements.

If there are multiple recipients on your template, the first signer can use direct signing; the rest use the eSignature notifications (email, SMS text message, or WhatsApp) to access their signing sessions.

## Envelope custom fields (ECFs)

Envelope custom fields help you categorize sent envelopes for internal organization, tracking, and reporting. If your account has ECFs defined and visible to senders, these metadata are available in the Send Documents for Signature step. Process builders can specify values for text-type ECFs using workflow variables and select from the defined list of values for list-type ECFs.

**Important notes for ECFs**

- Any ECFs that are required must have a value provided in order to configure the step.
- Any ECF values specified on a template are not included.
- Only ECFs defined on your account are available.
- ECFs on imported templates are not included.
- ECFs defined on a template using APIs are not included.

## Custom branding

As an administrator, you can add signing brands that allow senders to include custom logos, color schemes, and company information on their envelopes.

By default, the system automatically evaluates available account, template, and workflow settings to determine which signing brand applies to your automation steps and signing sessions. Generally, a brand specified at the workflow level that is set to override a template's brand will be used. The only exception to this override is when the template's advanced settings are configured to restrict branding changes.

For more details and step-by-step instructions on how to apply a brand to your automation, see [Set Branding for a Workflow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=task-6976.html&_LANG=enus "Choose a signing brand for your workflow to make sure all related emails and signing sessions use your custom logos and colors."). For instructions on creating or setting a default brand, refer to the help topic [Add a Signing Brand for Recipients](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=byg1583277338658.html&_LANG=enus).

## Identity Verification (IDV)

Verifying the identity of a signer can be an important part of your use case. If this
is a requirement for you, use the identity verification option within your
eSignature template. Workflow Builder will honor the IDV requirements assigned to template
recipients. If phone authentication is specified, the process builder can map
variables to it in the eSignature configuration. Authentication results from
configured IDV methods are captured in the Certificate of Completion and in ID
Evidence.

If your workflow contains a Verify Someone's Identity and
Send Documents for Signature step with the identity verification
option, the system applies the identity claim generated from the first
Verify Someone's Identity step to confirm identity in the
Send Documents for Signature step. The Send Documents for Signature step uses the generated identity claim to validate
participants' identity and prevent them from verifying their identity again. The
Certificate of Completion also includes verification data from the Verify Someone's
Identity step. When you try to access the ID Evidence data
of the envelope, the system redirects you to the data of the Verify
Someone's Identity
 step.

If you want to use identity claims to verify the identity of your participants in a
Send Documents for Signature step, ensure that this step and the
Verify Someone's Identity step both use the same identity
verification method. For more information, read the [Identity Claims](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about identity claims and how you can use them to streamline your automated agreement processes.") page.

## Check for envelope status with branching rules

If your workflow includes a Send Documents for Signature step, you should
include branching rules to account for certain scenarios that lead to unplanned
envelope events. If your envelope is declined or voided by the sender, the workflow
will still continue unless you use a branching rule. For more information, see [Configuration Details for Complex Branching Rules](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=jaf1716918359288.html&_LANG=enus "Read about nesting IF statements and using advanced operators in a branching rule workflow step.")

## Confirmation steps

A confirmation step specifies what to show to a participant after they finish their
workflow task. In some cases, you will want to add a confirmation step after the
Send Documents for Signature step.

- If your template has only one recipient, add a confirmation step if the
  participant does not have any further tasks at that point in the workflow.
- If your template has multiple recipients and you use the direct signing option
  for the first recipient, a confirmation step is not necessary. The direct
  signing recipient is shown a system message indicating that they are done with
  their workflow tasks.

## Mapping data from Web Forms

For a Send Documents for Signature step, you use a prepared template or generated document to create an
envelope. As an option, you can map data fields from other sources to prepopulate
the document fields. This mapping is done in the Prepare eSignature Template or Generate Document step. This data can be basic strings, for values like text, dates,
and email addresses. You can also map data to checkbox, radio
group, and dropdown fields.

When you map data from a web form to fields in an eSignature template, an account-level Admin Sending Setting controls whether the mapped values are visible to all recipients at send time or only to the recipient assigned those fields. If the **When an envelope is sent, write the initial value of the field for all recipients** setting is turned off, mapped web form values only appear to the recipient who is assigned those fields until they finish signing.

For more information on the specific requirements for mapping web form field data, see [this help topic](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=cond11d1369-0918-4721-b25c-35149675b539.html&_LANG=enus "Learn the structural requirements and formatting rules for mapping advanced data types, such as checkboxes, radio groups, and dropdowns, from a web form to an agreement template.").

## Salesforce merge fields

A Send Documents for Signature step supports templates that contain Salesforce
merge fields. To use this feature, your account must have the Salesforce extension
app installed and an authorized connection to your Salesforce organization.

Provided these prerequisites are met, you can build a workflow that uses an envelope
template with Salesforce merge fields. Your workflow must contain a Read
from Salesforce step along with the Get
Signatures step. The Get Signatures step
configuration includes an additional step to select a source object for mapping data
to these fields.

For more detailed information on how to use a template with Salesforce merge fields
in a workflow, see [this help topic](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=jxv1738703407057.html&_LANG=enus).
