---
title: Configure a Risk Assessment Step
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=tsk6ecf58be-0285-4608-92cd-66252f6e07a5.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# Configure a Risk Assessment Step

Learn how to configure the Risk Assessment step in a workflow.
This step gathers participant risk signals for dynamic orchestration, data-driven decisions,
and simplified compliance.

## Before you begin

To configure Risk Assessment steps, process builders must meet
the following prerequisites:

- They must be an account administrator or have Workflows:
  Create permissions.
- They must have Risk Assessment enabled on their
  account.
- They must ensure that the participants in the Risk
  Assessment step are in the United States

You’re a process builder who wants to add a Risk Assessment
step to your agreement process. You’re adding this step to evaluate participants' risk
profiles and define subsequent steps based on this risk.

1. Create a new workflow as described in [Create a Basic Workflow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uhm1697826856678.html&_LANG=enus "Learn the basics of how to create an agreement workflow. Process creators and account administrators can create workflows to automate the agreement process.").
2. Select Add a step > Risk Assessment > Configure.

   The configuration pane for your step opens and displays the
   Configure risk assessment inputs section.
3. Select the inputs that you want to execute the risk assessment on.

   Note: the Docusign teams recommend using all inputs for more accuracy.
4. Select Next.

   The Configure the data to store section
   displays.
5. Select the data that you want to store in the ID Evidence file.

   For more information about how these proof files work, see the [ID Evidence in Workflow Builder](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=kmm1749205469137.html&_LANG=enus "Read about ID Evidence integration with Workflow Builder and how it helps deliver evidence of the ID verification process.") page.
6. Select Next.

   The Which participant’s identity needs to be
   verified? section displays.
7. Specify the participant for this step.

   Use the dropdown list to select existing participants in your workflow. Alternatively, select Add Participant to add new participants.
8. **Optional:** Select Continue to map data fields to map variables to risk assessment inputs.

   Selected variables prefill the participant's personal information.
9. Select Apply.

Workflow Builder has configured your step. You can view details from a completed
Risk Assessment step when monitoring an existing
workflow. Read the [Monitor a Running Workflow Instance](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vcp1698707326210.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to check the progress of the agreement instances you start from a workflow.")
topic for information on monitoring a workflow process.

## Next steps

If you add a Risk Assessment step to your workflow, consider
including a Store files step after it to record the
verification details. Adding this step allows ID Evidence to store the risk
assessment data in a proof file within the designated archive folder. For more
information, read the [ID Evidence in Workflow Builder](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=kmm1749205469137.html&_LANG=enus "Read about ID Evidence integration with Workflow Builder and how it helps deliver evidence of the ID verification process.") page.

After you add a Store files step, consider defining [Configure a Branching Rule](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=mnv1698169910928.html&_LANG=enus "You can create conditional rules in your agreement workflow. These rules validate a condition and branch the workflow based on whether the condition is met or not.") or other agreement actions based
on the participants’ risk profile.
