---
title: Verify Someone's Identity Step
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uak1735246809132.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# Verify Someone's Identity Step

Learn about Verify Someone's Identity steps and how to use them to secure your automated agreement processes.

Process builders can use the Verify Someone's Identity step to verify a participant's identity. Depending on the step’s configuration, participants can use a government-issued ID, an electronic ID, or Knowledge-based authentication to pass the verification. They may also have to complete a biometric liveness check.

Unlike Send Documents for Signature steps, which offer built-in identity verification tied to an envelope, Verify Someone's Identity steps allow process builders to request a standalone identity verification in a workflow. This verification takes place independently of an envelope. For example, process builders can use this step to verify someone's identity when they open a bank account. As a general guideline, you can also use the Verify Someone's Identity step when there is no need for an eSignature envelope.

Verify Someone's Identity steps can generate an identity claim to store the participants' ID Verification results. Workflow Builder then applies the results from the identity claims to subsequent Send Documents for Signature steps. If a Send Documents for Signature step requires identity verification, the system uses the prior identity claim to confirm the participant's identity. This makes the experience smoother by preventing participants from going through the verification process twice in the same workflow. For more information about identity claims, read the [Identity Claims](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about identity claims and how you can use them to streamline your automated agreement processes.").

Note: Knowledge-based authentication is only available for US citizens and US residents with valid social security numbers and credit history. In addition, signers must have public records to generate questions and answers. For more information, see the  [Knowledge-Based Authentication (KBA)](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=iiv1653399723856.html&_LANG=enus)  page.

## Verify Someone's Identity and Send Documents for Signature steps

Process builders can verify participants' identity in a workflow using the Verify Someone's Identity and Send Documents for Signature steps. The Verify Someone's Identity step is a standalone workflow step used in various situations. In contrast, process builders only enforce Send Documents for Signature steps when a recipient tries to access an envelope.

If your workflow only requires identity verification to protect your envelope, use the template in a Send Documents for Signature step. Instead, suppose you need to verify someone’s identity as part of a workflow step unrelated to an envelope. In that case, you can use the Verify Someone's Identity step - even if your workflow does not include a Send Documents for Signature step.

Process builders can combine the Verify Someone's Identity and Send Documents for Signature steps in the same workflow. The identity claim that results from the Verify Someone's Identity step can validate the identity verification configured within the Send Documents for Signature step. Using Identity claims, we help participants avoid performing the complete identity verification again.

Read the [Identity Claims](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about identity claims and how you can use them to streamline your automated agreement processes.") page for more information about identity claims. Also, read the [Example of a Verify Someone's Identity step use case](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uak1735246809132.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=uak1735246809132__section_ykh_tdj_vdc) section for an example workflow. It includes both the Verify Someone's Identity and the Send Documents for Signature steps. It also uses identity claims generated in a Verify Someone's Identity step to skip the identity verification process in the Send Documents for Signature step.

## Supported identity verification methods

When a process builder adds a Verify Someone's Identity step to a workflow, they must choose the identity verification configuration that will apply. Workflow Builder allows process builders to select only identity verification configurations that respect the following criteria:

- The configuration does not include the Manually review the ID document option
- The configuration does not include the Allow SMS authentication after one successful Photo ID or Passport verification option

Process builders can apply the identity claim from an earlier Verify Someone's Identity step to let participants skip the ID verification process in a Send Documents for Signature step. However, they must ensure both identity verification methods use the same configuration. Read the  [Identity Verification Configurations](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=eya1583277454804.html&_LANG=enus)  page for more information about the ID Verification configuration settings.

## Verify Someone's Identity step process

Process builders must collect participants' first and last names before adding a Verify Someone's Identity step to their workflow. They can collect participants' data in two ways:

- Using a Web Form where participants can enter their information.
- Using a connector to an external database that stores the participants' information.

Next, process builders use a Verify Someone’s Identity step to capture the participant's ID and extract its data depending on the identity verification method selected. It matches this data with the participant’s name from the Web Form or the external database. If the name matching and ID verification are successful, the ID Verification process generates an identity claim with the verification result for this participant. If the workflow includes a Send Documents for Signature step with identity verification, the system applies the identity claim to confirm the participant's identity. Thanks to the identity claim, the participant can skip the ID verification within the Send Documents for Signature step.

When process builders add a Verify Someone's Identity step to their workflow, they select one of the ID Verification configurations available to their account. The process for verifying participants’ identity depends on the ID Verification method included in each configuration. For example, suppose that a participant must comply with the "Knowledge-Based Authentication" configuration. In that case, they identify by answering questions based on their public records, such as their current home address. Knowledge-based authentication does not require ID capture and is only available to US residents.

## Example of a Verify Someone's Identity step use case

Imagine a workflow for opening a bank account. It could start with a Web Form step, where participants enter their personal information: name, email, and phone number. Next, in the Verify Someone's Identity step, they use their phone to capture a photo of the front and back of their ID. Depending on the ID Verification method, they may have to provide additional proof, such as completing a biometric liveness video.

ID Verification compares the name the participant provided through the web form with the name extracted from their government-issued photo ID. If both match, the participant can proceed to the next step in the workflow. The Verify Someone's Identity step also generates an identity claim with the verification result, the participant’s name, and the identity details.

The participant then enters a Send Documents for Signature step to sign the account opening agreement. The workflow requires them to verify their identity before accessing the agreement and supplemental documents. Since the ID Verification configuration in the Verify Someone's Identity step is the same as the one used in the Send Documents for Signature step’s template, Workflow Builder applies the participant's identity claim to skip the ID verification in the Send Documents for Signature step. It compares the name stored in the identity claim with the recipient's name in the envelope. If both match, the Send Documents for Signature step grants the participant access to the envelope. They can now sign the agreement and complete the bank account opening workflow. If the name stored in the identity claim does not match the name in the envelope, Workflow Builder cannot use the identity claim to skip the ID verification in the Send Documents for Signature step. The participant must verify their identity again to access the envelope.

## Verify Someone's Identity step data

Workflow Builder records data from Verify Someone's Identity steps to ensure transparency, accountability, and compliance with regulatory standards. You can access this information through any of the following ways:

- [The envelope’s Certificate of Completion](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uak1735246809132.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=uak1735246809132__section_z35_wdj_vdc)
- [The workflow details](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uak1735246809132.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=uak1735246809132__section_yw5_12j_vdc)
- [ID Evidence](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=uak1735246809132.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=uak1735246809132__section_h2h_pvd_5fc)

## Certificate of Completion (CoC)

When a Send Documents for Signature step uses the identity claim from a Verify Someone's Identity step to confirm a participant's identity, the CoC includes verification data from the Verify Someone's Identity step. For more information about the CoC, read the  [Certificate of Completion](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=oeq1643226594604&topicId=gpa1578456339545.html&_LANG=enus)  page. Read the [Identity Claims](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about identity claims and how you can use them to streamline your automated agreement processes.") page for details on the requirements for using identity claims.

## Workflow details

When monitoring a running workflow, you can view details from a completed Verify Someone's Identity step. The Status Details for the step list key details for the Verify Someone's Identity activity. This information includes the identification configuration used, the date and time of the verification, and the result. Read the [Monitor a Running Workflow Instance](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vcp1698707326210.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to check the progress of the agreement instances you start from a workflow.") topic for information on monitoring a workflow process.

## ID Evidence

If the identity verification configuration used in a Verify Someone’s Identity step allows data storage, an ID Evidence file is generated when the identity verification is complete. This file includes all the stored data for identity verification, such as the name of the participants, the status of the verification, and a copy of the submitted ID document. For more information, read the [ID Evidence in Workflow Builder](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=kmm1749205469137.html&_LANG=enus "Read about ID Evidence integration with Workflow Builder and how it helps deliver evidence of the ID verification process.") page.
