---
title: Identity Claims
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:36Z'
---

# Identity Claims

Learn about identity claims and how you can use them to streamline your automated agreement processes.

An identity claim is a set of verified information about a participant’s identity obtained
through a Verify Someone's Identity step. Workflow Builder uses this information to skip the identity verification process in a
Send Documents for Signature step of the same workflow instance.
When a Send Documents for Signature step confirms a participant's
identity using the identity claim from a Verify Someone's Identity
step, the Certificate of Completion (CoC) includes verification data from that step.

Note: Only certain ID Verification methods support identity claims. For more
information, read the [Supported identity verification methods](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=vwg1731931235105__section_qjs_pyj_vdc)
section.

## Identity claims process

Whenever a participant verifies their identity in a Verify Someone's
Identity step using a supported method, Workflow Builder generates an
identity claim. The participants’ identity claim stores the ID verification results
and some of the participant’s information, like their name.

If the workflow has a Send Documents for Signature step requiring
additional identity verification using the same method that generated the identity
claim, participants do not need to verify their identity again. Instead, Workflow Builder applies
the identity claim to confirm their identity.

If a workflow includes several Verify Someone's Identity steps
for the same participant, Workflow Builder uses the matching identity claim with the most
recent validity period.

## Requirements for using identity claims

The Verify Someone's Identity step automatically generates an
identity claim. The Send Documents for Signature step
automatically uses this identity claim to skip the ID Verification provided you meet the
following requirements:

- The Verify Someone's Identity and the Send
  Documents for Signature steps belong to the same workflow
  instance
- The step for which you want to skip the ID verification process by using an identity
  claim is a Send Documents for Signature step with ID
  verification included within its template
- The ID verification configuration used in your Send Documents for
  Signature step is the same as the one used in the Verify
  Someone's Identity step. For example, imagine you added a
  Verify someone’s identity step to your workflow
  using a custom “Configuration XYZ” IDV configuration. Workflow Builder will use the ID Claim
  generated by that Verify someone’s identity step only if the
  ID verification configuration used in the Send Documents for
  Signature step is “Configuration XYZ.”
- The participant verifies their identity using a method that supports identity
  claims. For more information, read the [Supported identity verification methods](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=vwg1731931235105__section_qjs_pyj_vdc)
  section. The participant uses the same device and browser to generate the identity
  claim in the Verify Someone's Identity step and use it in the
  Send Documents for Signature step. In other words, the
  participant goes through the workflow using the same device and browser for all its
  steps.
- The identity claim is still valid when reaching the workflow’s Send
  Documents for Signature step. For more information, read the [Supported identity verification methods](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vwg1731931235105.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=vwg1731931235105__section_qjs_pyj_vdc) section.
- The name stored in the identity claim matches the recipient’s name in the envelope
  of the Send Documents for Signature step. If both names
  differ, the participant must verify their identity again to access the envelope.

## Supported identity verification methods

Identity claims only accept identity verifications based on the following
methods:

- Photo ID
- Passport
- Liveness detection
- Knowledge-Based Authentication

Identity claims also have a validity period that differs depending on the applied
identity verification method.

If an identity claim expires, it cannot confirm the identity of its participant.
Therefore, Workflow Builder will not skip the identity verification in the Send
Documents for Signature step. It will require the participant to verify
their identity again.

If a workflow has several valid identity claims matching a Send Documents for
Signature ID Verification method for the same participant, Workflow Builder
applies the identity claim with the most recent validity period.

The following table describes the methods and corresponding signature types that
support identity claims. It also specifies the identity claims validity period
depending on the method used to generate them.

Table 1. Identity claims validity period

| Method | Signature Type | Identity claim validity period |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Knowledge-Based Authentication | Electronic | 24h |
| Photo ID or passport | Electronic | 24h |
| Photo ID or passport +Liveness detection | European Advanced Electronic Signature (AES) | 20 minutes |
| Photo ID or passport | European Advanced Electronic Signature (AES) | 20 minutes |
| Photo ID or Passport + Liveness detection | European Advanced Electronic Signature (AES) | 20 minutes |
