---
title: Edit a Workflow
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=zlm1698880256815.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:37Z'
---

# Edit a Workflow

Learn how process
builders and administrators can edit a workflow.

As a
process
builder, you can edit any of your published, paused, or
unpublished workflows. When you edit a published or paused workflow, the current
version remains in effect until you publish your new draft. You can save your edits
to complete and publish later.

Note: Your workflow must be published or unpublished in order to
publish the changes from an edited draft. You cannot publish changes for a paused
workflow.

Editing a workflow allows you to change everything in the configuration, such as:

- Add a new workflow step
- Modify an existing workflow step
- Adjust workflow participants and details
- Modify the workflow name

Docusign administrators and Workflow administrators (who have the **[Workflows: Manage](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=gbb1696973048215.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the different roles involved with creating and using workflows with Docusign Workflow Builder. Each role requires specific user permissions.")** permission) can also edit any workflow on the account. For details on the restrictions and permissions when editing workflow steps that use Extension Applications (third-party connections), refer to [Access and Permissions for Extension App Connections](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=cond7058d74-97dd-4ec3-9a23-86978310f74b.html&_LANG=enus "Outlines the access levels and permissions required to edit or publish workflow steps that use private or shared extension application connections.").

1. Log in to your Docusign account and select Agreements >  Workflows.

   The Workflows list shows all of the workflows you
   can access.
2. Locate the workflow you want to edit. Filter by Created by:
   Me to get a list of your editable workflows.
3. Select the workflow more actions menu and choose
   Edit. If you have a saved draft of the workflow,
   this
   will continue to edit that draft.
4. Make the changes to your workflow and then do one of the following:

   - Save your draft to edit later. Select the workflow action
     menu and choose Save and Exit.
     The workflow list indicates the saved draft, which you can continue to
     edit later or publish the changes when you are ready.
   - Publish your edited
     published
     workflow. Select
     Publish Changes.
     Review and address any errors and publish. Note that publishing
     allows you to edit the workflow name as part of the review process.

     Note: Your workflow must be published or
     unpublished in order to publish the changes from an edited draft.
     You cannot publish changes for a paused workflow.
   - Resume a paused workflow and publish. Select Save
     Draft. Next, select the workflow action
     menu and choose Resume New
     Instances. This returns your workflow to a published
     state and you can publish your changes.
