---
title: Workflow Start Methods
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=ztb1727892686033.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:04:35Z'
---

# Workflow Start Methods

Review the different automated and manual trigger methods available to initiate processes in Workflow Builder, including links, events, API calls, and CLM integrations.

Start methods define how a workflow will be initiated. Each method supports different use case scenarios. Select the method that best supports the way you want to use the workflow for your business process.

These start methods, including information about updating existing workflows to use a start method, are described in the following sections.

## Updating existing workflows

Older published workflows that do not have a start method defined are not impacted by the new workflow start method. Any running instances for these workflows will continue, uninterrupted. However, to update an existing workflow definition (or when creating a new workflow), process builders must pick a workflow start method. You cannot publish edits to an existing workflow until you add a workflow start method.

For information on how to edit your existing workflow to use a start method, see the help topic [Update an Existing Workflow to Use a Start Method](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=bqq1729024082952.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to update an older, published workflow by defining a required start method before saving and publishing new edits.").

## From a Link

With the Link start method, a workflow starts when a participant opens a link. That link could be shared directly with the participant, or embedded on a website or in an application.

When should I use this start method?
:   Link starts are beneficial for self-service workflows like embedding the link in a customer portal or loan application site. In these types of scenarios, participants can initiate workflows on demand.

How can I use it?
:   Once published, a workflow with a link start has a URL. Use the generated URL to embed the workflow in a customer portal or share it directly with users. You can copy this URL from the Workflows list page.

    Note: The individual who clicks the link automatically becomes the first participant in that active instance.

## Manually in Docusign

With the Manual start method, a workflow starts when someone decides to launch it and runs the workflow from the Workflows list.

When should I use this start method?
:   Manual starts are useful when whoever starts the workflow from within Docusign must specify who will be the workflow participants. They can input information like names and emails before inviting participants.

How can I use it?
:   The first participant must be the internal user launching the process manually in Docusign.

    Add a Collect Data with Web Forms as the first workflow step. Prepare and select a web form with fields for each piece of data the person starting the workflow must provide. Assign the web form step to the participant who'll start the workflow.

    Add a confirmation screen letting the participant know that’s the end of their tasks.

    To start an instance manually, select Run Workflow option from the Workflows list more actions menu.

## From an Event

With the Event start method, a workflow starts when a specified event occurs. The workflow starts automatically without manual oversight or intervention. Workflows can be started based on events occurring within the same Docusign account.

Note: To use the From an Event or Agreement Desk request start methods, [Docusign Connect](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=vob1727899215236&topicId=ctv1583277395112.html&_LANG=enus) must be enabled on your account. If Connect is not enabled, you will receive a validation error when you attempt to publish the workflow.

When should I use this start method?
:   Event starts are useful when you want a workflow to start automatically when a specific event occurs.

How can I use it?
:   A process builder builds a workflow using the From an Event start method. The builder configures the start method with the event type that will trigger the workflow. Optionally, the builder specifies conditions for the selected event that must be met for the workflow to start.

    Supported events:

    - Envelope events
      - Envelope Completed
      - Envelope Voided
      - Envelope Declined
    - Recipient events
      - Recipient Authentication Failed
      - Recipient Automatically Responded
      - Recipient Declined
      - Recipient Sent
      - Recipient Completed
    - Workflow events
      - Workflow Completed
      - Workflow Failed

    Once the workflow is published, anytime the selected event occurs and any specified conditions are met, a workflow instance will start automatically.

## From Docusign CLM workflow

With the CLM workflow start method, a workflow starts when the associated CLM workflow reaches a specified step and launches Workflow Builder. At the end of the workflow, the process passes metadata back to CLM.

Note: This start method is available only for accounts that also have Docusign CLM enabled.

When should I use this start method?
:   Use this method when you want to combine CLM and Workflow Builder capabilities into a single automated process.

How can I use it?
:   Process builders can construct a workflow designed to be triggered directly from an active Docusign CLM process (both configurations must exist under the same organization account).

    Define starting variables for the CLM workflow start method. These are placeholders that define how information from the CLM workflow gets used in Workflow Builder. You will map these variables to properties in the workflow steps that manage communication between Workflow Builder and CLM.

    After you publish the workflow, create a CLM workflow with a corresponding step to trigger it.

    Reference: [Enhance CLM Workflows with Workflow Builder Automation](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=hmz1727408977389.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how process builders trigger Workflow Builder processes from Docusign CLM to access advanced delivery options and signature features.")

Test the workflow
:   To test this workflow without running an active CLM process, select Run Workflow from the Workflows list more actions menu. Input dummy data for the starting variables.

## From an Agreement Desk request

With the Agreement Desk request start method, a workflow starts when the specified request event occurs. The workflow executes the defined steps to automate key steps to triage and manage your Agreement Desk requests. With Workflow Builder, you can create workflows to manage incoming requests, create approvals, share and assign ownership, and even generate documents to add to a request.

Note: To use the From an Event or Agreement Desk request start methods, [Docusign Connect](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=vob1727899215236&topicId=ctv1583277395112.html&_LANG=enus) must be enabled on your account. If Connect is not enabled, you will receive a validation error when you attempt to publish the workflow.

When should I use this start method?
:   Use this method when you want to automate some of the manual tasks in managing Agreement Desk requests.

How can I use it?
:   A process builder creates a workflow with this start method and defines the event and conditions that will trigger the workflow. They add the steps desired to automate request actions and publish the workflow.

    Note: The Create Request step is not supported for workflows using this start method. If you want to generate a new Agreement Desk request, your workflow must use an alternative start method such as From a Link, From an API Call, From an Event, or Manually in Docusign.

Reference information
:   For an overview of how to use this start method, see [Automate Agreement Desk Requests with Workflow Builder](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=tsk2231627c-1c61-4c10-b538-43bdc7021507.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to streamline the agreement lifecycle by using Workflow Builder to triage, manage, and automate incoming Agreement Desk requests.").
:   For detailed guidance, see [Automating Agreement Desk Requests with Docusign Workflow Builder](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=map4317ef56-de36-43e2-9921-c76a445c3276&topicId=con27b1a75a-da95-4952-94a4-a20c498bf81c.html&_LANG=enus).

## From an API call

With the API call start method, a workflow starts after an API call is made to trigger it.

When should I use this start method?
:   Use this start when you want to launch the workflow from an external system. This can be either a participant taking a manual action or automatically triggered when a condition is met.

How can I use it?
:   Add variables to specify the information to send from an external system to your workflow. These variables represent dynamic inputs sent as a payload coming from the external system.

    For example, your customer starts a workflow from your website to submit an application. They've logged in to their account, so when they start the application, the system passes their name, contact information, and account number into the process. Map the variables to fields in workflow steps.

    **Reference**: "Data types and character limits for variables" in [Data Types for Workflow Variables](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=ogx1738026109020.html&_LANG=enus "Look up details about the data types that you can use to pass data to workflow variables.")

    Select how the API call will be initiated:

    - Human. Select this option if you intend this workflow to be started by a participant and redirected to the first step of the workflow, like to a Collect Data with Web Forms or Send Documents for Signature step. By default, the system assigns the individual who launched the external action as the first participant.
    - Automated process. Select the Automated Process option if you intend this workflow to be initiated by another system. If there are any participants in this workflow, you must invite them using a Set up Invite step.

    Once published, the workflow has a URL. Use the URL to configure the API call in the external system. You can copy this URL from the Workflows list.

    **API Reference**: [How to trigger a Workflow Builder workflow](https://developers.docusign.com/docs/maestro-api/how-to/trigger-workflow/)

Test the workflow
:   To test this workflow without having to make an API call, select Run Workflow from the Workflows list more actions menu. Enter dummy data for the created variables. Complete the steps if this is a Human-initiated workflow.
