---
title: Change Account Plan Type
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=avp1586306569390.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:22Z'
---

# Change Account Plan Type

Learn how administrators change account plan types. The Plan and Billing page provides detailed information about the available plan types.
From this page, administrators can select a different plan that best meets the needs of
their organization.

If you are currently on an eSignature plan that was purchased online, you can change your
account plan from the Subscription and Billing page. You can also opt to downgrade to a free
account.

Note: If you purchased your plan from a Docusign sales
representative, contact Docusign Support to make any
changes.

Changes to the account plan will occur at the end of your specified renewal term and
will not be prorated.

1. From the Accounts view, select Plan and
   Billing.

   Note: The Plan and Billing page appears with the title Subscription and Billing for some account types.
2. Select Manage Your Subscription > Switch Plan.
3. Review the account plan types and select the one you want.

   Note: If you are downgrading
   to a Personal or Free plan and your account has multiple users, before
   proceeding, close the other users.
4. Review the billing and user details for the new plan, and select
   Switch Plan.

   Note: If you are upgrading your account,
   review your payment information, and select Purchase.

Your plan is scheduled to be updated. You can cancel or
adjust the change anytime before your next billing cycle by selecting Undo Plan Change.
