---
title: Recipient Roles
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bcy1583277350761.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:31Z'
---

# Recipient Roles

Read about how administrators enable recipient actions that senders can select when adding recipients. For example, administrators can allow senders to use the Bulk Send and the In Person Signer features.

These settings enable additional recipient actions that senders can select when adding recipients.

- Enable Witness Signing (Allow sender to assign a witness for signers): When selected, senders can assign a witness for signers. For more information about witnessed signing, see [Include a Witness for a Signer](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gav1643676262430&topicId=vwq1578456557055.html&_LANG=enus).
- Enable bulk recipients: When selected, the account is eligible to use the Bulk Send feature. The Allow sending to bulk list option must also be enabled in a user's Permission Profile to allow them to use the feature. See [Using Bulk Send](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=wtn1643071711000&topicId=kjz1578456386508.html&_LANG=enus) for more information about using this feature.
- Enable needs to view role: When selected, senders are able to use the Needs to view recipient action. With this action the recipient must receive the completed documents for the envelope to be completed, but the recipient does not need to sign, initial, date, or add information to any of the documents.
- Enable specify recipients: When selected, senders are able to use the Specify recipients recipient action. This specifies a recipient who can fill in the name and email address of the role recipients who are at their same position or later in the signing order.
- Enable allow to edit recipient: When selected, senders are able to use the Allow to edit recipient action. This specifies a recipient who can make recipient and document changes (correct) to an in-process envelope. This recipient must have a valid Docusign account.
- Enable update recipients: When selected, senders are able to use the Update recipients recipient action. This specifies a recipient who can edit recipient details for any remaining recipients in the signing order.
- Enable in-person (hosted) signing role: When selected, senders are able to use the In Person Signer recipient action when they prepare documents for signature. If this recipient role is enabled, the additional option Present this information request to in person signers is available. If selected, this option requires the in person signing host to collect the requested information from the signer before the signer can begin signing. A free text field is provided to enter the information request to be shown to in person signers.

  All in person signers are shown the same request and must provide a response. The response is saved and included on the Certificate of Completion in the In Person Signer Events section.

  See [In Person Signing](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gav1643676262430&topicId=hak1578456316043.html&_LANG=enus) for more information about using this feature.
