---
title: Update Multiple Users through a Bulk Action
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bja1583277435075.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:27Z'
---

# Update Multiple Users through a Bulk Action

Learn how administrators use a comma-separated value (CSV) file to update multiple users
simultaneously.

To update information for multiple users simultaneously,
upload a comma-separated value (CSV) file that contains the updates to the user account
information.

Tip: To save time preparing the upload file,
download a CSV file of existing users in your account. Update the user information in the
CSV file as necessary and upload the modified file. See [User Lists and Permission Profiles Downloads](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=sfp1583277438486.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators download assigned permission profiles and permission settings for account users as a comma-separated value (CSV) file. Administrators can download just the permission profile name or a full list of permissions for users.").

1. Create a CSV file with the user information as described in [CSV File Format for User Updates](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=shx1583277429436.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the format of the comma-separated value (CSV) file administrators use to upload updates to multiple users.").
2. From the Accounts view, select Users.
3. Select Bulk Update.
4. In the Update Users dialog box, select Upload
   File.

   Select the CSV file that you want to upload.
5. Select Submit.
6. Confirm that you want to continue.

   The file is placed in a queue for processing. The system displays the
   Bulk Actions log, which lists pending and completed bulk actions.
   The system processes the file and checks for errors in the formatting of the file and user
   information.
7. Select the refresh icon in the Actions column in the
   Bulk Actions log to update the job status.
