---
title: Purge Queue and Notifications
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bot1583277404151.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:32Z'
---

# Purge Queue and Notifications

Read about how the purge queue functions and how account administrators can change the retention period for documents.

If you have set a document retention period, when that number of retention days is reached, the envelopes are placed in a purge queue. Under normal queue processing conditions, the queue lasts 14 days after which the documents within the envelopes are permanently deleted.

- If the remove metadata option is selected in your document retention settings, then all field data and any API attachments are also deleted.
- If the redact personally identifiable information option is selected, Docusign redacts all personally identifiable information from the envelope, certificate of completion, and history.

**Notifications**

As a default configuration in the Sender’s account, when an envelope enters the [purge queue](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=oeq1643226594604&topicId=rlk1578456343945.html&_LANG=enus), two separate email notifications are sent as follows to the sender and any recipients associated with the documents who have a Docusign account:

1. When the envelope first enters the purge queue (in 14 days prior to purge, under normal purge queue processing conditions), a warning email notification is sent informing that the documents will be deleted. The email provides a link to the documents, providing an opportunity to view, print, and download the documents before they are deleted.
2. A second email notification is additionally sent, generally 7 days later, prior to expiration of the purge queue period as another reminder of the upcoming purge.

Note: If any party on a Docusign transaction deletes an envelope before it is purged, they will still receive the purge warning notifications. The only way for a sender or recipient to not receive these notifications is to disable the notification option in their My Preferences > Notifications.

**Changing retention period**

If your account is using document retention and you decide to change the retention period, all account envelopes, including those in the purge queue, are affected as follows:

- **Disable document retention**. Any envelopes in the purge queue, except those placed in the queue using Targeted Purge, are removed and the documents will be retained.
- **Increasing the retention period**. The increased retention period is applied to all envelopes, including those in the purge queue. Any envelopes in the purge queue remain in the queue, but the purge queue start date is delayed to reflect the new retention period.

  Note: Increasing the retention period only delays when envelopes are purged. It does not prevent envelopes from being purged. The only way to completely stop purge is to disable document retention.
- **Decreasing the retention period**. The reduced retention period is applied to all envelopes. Any envelopes that have met the new retention period are moved into the purge queue. Decreasing the retention period does not affect the purge queue start date of items already in the queue.
