---
title: Create and Manage Agreement Rules
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=btt1594673504460.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:37Z'
---

# Create and Manage Agreement Rules

Read about how account administrators create agreement rules to determine actions for completed envelopes. Actions include Archive to, Start workflow, and Export to spreadsheet.

Before creating agreement rules, you must connect your application to Docusign. Connected applications for agreement actions are managed in Docusign App Center. For more information on creating connections and managing connected apps, see the [Use Docusign App Center to Manage App Connections](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ous1698169987748&topicId=con5c7c664f-0f3a-482b-89d9-0766a9544b4c.html&_LANG=enus) topic.

Agreement rules determine actions for completed envelopes. Rules consist of two main components:

- **Conditions**: Determine when an agreement rule should be executed
- **Actions**: Determine what should happen in connected applications

Rules follow a pattern of 'If **condition** then **action**.' Rules can range from simple to complex, and you can include one or more conditions or actions in a single rule.

You might start a workflow by creating a rule like the following example:

If a completed envelope is sent from either the U.S. Order Form or from the U.K. Order Form templates, then start the New Order workflow in Docusign CLM and export the envelope data to a Google Sheet.

Note: Rules and actions cannot be migrated across eSignature accounts.
