---
title: Domains
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bzr1583359141662.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:38Z'
---

# Domains

Read about Step 1 of the process to set up and enable SSO for your Docusign organization and additional information about reserving domains.

Note: This guide is for Docusign
administrators. Single Sign-On requires Docusign Admin.

This section covers **Step 1** of the process to [set up and enable SSO for your Docusign organization](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=njp1583359138365.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how Docusign administrators can set up SSO at a global level to manage users in all their Docusign accounts.") and provides
some supporting reference information about reserving domains. This step requires that you
have already created your organization as described in [creating an organization](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=tif1583359135245.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators manage multiple accounts at once by creating an organization. Docusign administrators can manage users and settings for multiple accounts from one central location."). An organization can claim the same domain in both the demo
and production environments.

Note: Claiming a domain is also part of the authorization process for connected applications.
For more information, see [Connected Apps](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=ynk1583359206013.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how organization administrators manage the applications that can access your Docusign organization. Applications are authorized for all domain users and access is limited by the permissions you specify.").

Best Practice:
Docusign recommends setting up and testing SSO in a demo organization first.
When successful, repeat the steps in your production organization account.

As a Docusign administrator, you can claim domains for use with Docusign through the Domains page of your organization. When you claim and
verify an email domain for your organization, you can manage all users for that domain across
all accounts linked to the organization.

You can restrict users from creating personal Docusign accounts using an email address from a
claimed domain. You can also grant administrative consent for connected applications on behalf
of domain users.

Important: A domain can only be claimed by one Docusign organization. If one organization has claimed and verified a domain,
another organization cannot claim it. An organization can claim the same domain in both the
demo and production environments.

To start, you'll initiate a claim for your organization from the Domains page in Docusign Admin. Docusign generates a special token that you
add to the Domain Name System (DNS) for the domain. Once Docusign verifies
this token in the DNS, the domain is registered to the organization.

Note: You can choose to add a CNAME record or a TXT record to
your domain’s DNS. Docusign recommends using CNAME record when claiming a
domain.

Note: All users in the organization might have access to the
organization's reserved domain and identity provider information.
