---
title: "Add Identity Verification Configurations\uFEFF for Liveness Detection for\
  \ Simple and Advanced Signatures"
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=cfa1733760394819.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Add Identity Verification Configurations﻿ for Liveness Detection for Simple and Advanced Signatures

Learn how to create identity verification configurations that use the Docusign ID Verification with Liveness verification method.

## Before you begin

Ensure to acknowledge the information from this section before adding your configuration.

- Permissions and subscriptions: To enable Liveness Detection for ID Verification, you must have full account administrator or delegated permissions. You must also have subscribed to the “ID Verification” or “ID Verification Premier” packages.
- Verification of Japanese IDs: Japanese customers, note that you can set up this configuration to store the back of IDs, including Japan's National Identity Card (My Number Card). If you implement this setup, ID Evidence will store the 12-digit individual number, which is personally identifiable information (PII). Instead, you may use the Docusign ID Verification with Japanese IDs configuration. This ID Verification method respects data privacy by only allowing storage of the front of Japanese Individual Number Cards.

As an administrator, you are in charge of adding an ID Verification configuration that supports Liveness Detection for simple and advanced signatures.

Liveness Detection for ID Verification uses artificial intelligence (AI) and biometrics to authenticate ID documents and confirm the owner’s identity. It reduces the risk of fraud and improves the verification success rate by guiding recipients throughout the process.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity Verification.
2. Select Add Configuration.

   The Add Configuration screen opens.
3. Select the ID Verification with Liveness method and select Next.

   The Add ID Verification with Liveness page opens.
4. Enter a name for the configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   The system does not translate the name and description. Senders see the text in its original language.
5. Select the maximum number of verification attempts.

   This number represents how many times recipients can attempt to verify before the envelope is locked. By default, ID Verification locks the envelope when recipients are unsuccessful in verifying their identity. Recipients must contact the sender to unlock the envelope.
6. Select the level of variation for name acceptance standards.

   Use this setting to match the recipient's name with the name in the ID. You can choose one of the following variations:
   - Maximum variation: Accepts additional variations of middle names, suffixes, equivalent names and tolerates minor typing mistakes. The Maximum variation option is the default selection. It is not compatible with the IDV - DS EU Advanced signature type.
   - Moderate variation: Authorizes additional variations of middle names and suffixes.
   - Minimal variation: Authorizes minor variations of first and last names only.

   Note: For more information about this setting, see the  [ID Name Matching](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=rhb1657542911402.html&_LANG=enus)  page.
7. Select how often recipients must verify when accessing an envelope.

   - Every access: recipients must identify every time they access an envelope.
   - Every access until role is completed: recipients must identify until they sign the envelope’s documents.
   - Once: recipients must only identify once.
8. (Optional) Uncheck the Accept all recommended ID types, issuing countries, and regions option and select Manage to choose the supported countries and IDs for your configuration.
9. (Optional) Select the additional data that you want ID Evidence to store for each ID verification.

   Attention: If your configuration authorizes the use of Japanese Individual Number Cards and allows storage of data on the back of IDs, ID Evidence will store the 12-digit individual number showing on the back of Japanese Individual Number Cards. This data is personally identifiable information (PII) and considered sensitive. To avoid this situation, either unselect storage of the back of IDs or remove the Japanese Individual Number Card from the list of Accepted IDs for your configuration. Alternatively, use the Docusign ID Verification with Japanese IDs configuration. This ID Verification method respects data privacy by only allowing storage of the front of Japanese Individual Number Cards.
10. Choose your preferences for the Identity Wallet:

    - Select Recipients can create or update a Docusign Identity Wallet to allow recipients to create or update their Identity Wallet.
    - Select Recipients can use their Docusign Identity Wallet to allow recipients to identify using their identity wallet.
11. Select Add.

The configuration displays in the configurations list and is available for senders.
