---
title: ID Verification for EU Qualified Configuration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=con1b98f947-485d-4855-b66f-97000e633a3a.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:34Z'
---

# ID Verification for EU Qualified Configuration

Read about Docusign ID Verification for EU Qualified configurations and how administrators can customize it to meet their organization’s needs.

The Docusign ID Verification for EU Qualified configuration allows you to verify recipient identities in compliance with the eIDAS Qualified Electronic Signatures (QES) regulation. QES is the most reliable signature type. It is legally equivalent to a handwritten signature within the European Union (EU).

When you select Docusign ID Verification for EU Qualified, Docusign automatically sets the signature type to IDV - DS EU Qualified. This signature type ensures that all envelopes using this configuration generate valid qualified electronic signatures. You cannot edit this setting.

Note: The Docusign ID Verification for EU Qualified configuration is available only for account plans that include ID Verification Premier. For more information on using ID Verification Premier for EU Qualified Signatures, read the [Verification of Government-Issued IDs for European Qualified Signatures](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=vke1672930715877.html&_LANG=enus) help page .

## Basic settings

The “Basic settings” section includes the following parameters:

- Name and description
- Maximum verification attempts
- Agreement protection

## Name and description

The name and description you choose for your configuration reflect the information that senders see when selecting an ID verification method. You cannot localize this information.

## Maximum verification attempts

The Maximum verification attempts parameter sets the limit for how many times a recipient can attempt verification. If recipients reach this limit without success, the envelope locks automatically.

## Agreement protection

The Agreement protection section allows you to secure access to already signed agreements. If enabled, the Recipient always verifies parameter requires recipients to authenticate to access agreements they have already signed. They can authenticate through SMS or by using the Docusign Identity Wallet.

The Recipient always verifies parameter also applies when recipients have verified their identity but haven’t signed the agreement yet. If they access the document within 24 hours after verifying their identity, the agreement protection is enforced.

SMS authentication remains active for 1 year after formal identity document verification. After one year, recipients can no longer use SMS to authenticate. They must use their Identity Wallet or verify their identity again using an ID document.

Note: Docusign uses the phone number that recipients have provided during the identity verification process to send the SMS code. If recipients change their phone number after identity verification, they must verify their identity again to update it.

## Advanced settings

The Stored data from IDs section allows you to choose which ID document information to store in ID Evidence. By default, ID Verification selects only information from the transaction, such as the status of the identity verification process. Administrators can choose additional data if your organization requires it.

## Identity Wallet Settings

The Identity Wallet allows recipients to save their verification results for future use. It spares recipients the need to verify their identity for every new envelope.

Administrators can decide whether recipients can create or update an identity wallet to save their identity verification results. They can also choose whether recipients can use their identity wallet to verify their identity.

Note: ID Verification cannot store data when recipients verify their identity using their wallet.
