---
title: ID Verification with IC-chip Reading for Japan Configuration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=con136df38a-18a8-4c57-9d7c-69d9e8e9d9cd.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:36Z'
---

# ID Verification with IC-chip Reading for Japan Configuration

Read about the Docusign ID Verification with IC-chip Reading for Japan read-only configuration. Learn about its configuration and the parameters that you can edit in your customized configuration.

Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan is a read-only configuration that helps your organization meet the eKYC (Know Your Customer) and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) regulations in Japan. It complies with the planned updates to the identity verification requirements in the Act on Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds and the Mobile Phone Improper Use Prevention Act.

This configuration allows recipients to verify their identity in two ways:

- The Public Certification Service for Individuals.
- The biometric and IC-chip reading check

Administrators can use the Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan read-only configuration for their account. They can also choose to copy and customize it to meet their specific needs.

## JPKI and biometric checks

Recipients initiate one of the following verification paths depending on the ID document that they select to verify their identity:

- The Public Certification Service for Individuals starts when recipients select Individual number card (JPKI) to verify their identity.
- The Biometric and IC-chip reading check starts when recipients select any other supported ID document

While both paths deliver a high level of trust, the Public Certification Service for Individuals is the most robust. The biometric and IC-chip reading check method provides a fallback option when recipients cannot meet the requirements of the Public Certification Service for Individuals.

The Public Certification Service for Individuals (KA method as of December, 2025) and the biometric and IC-chip reading check (HE method as of December, 2025) both comply with the Act on the Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds.

For more information about each verification path, read the [Verification Using Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=con8ce1419e-2dda-46cc-952d-9bb07dcbc87e.html&_LANG=enus) page.

## Configuration requirements

Before you can use the Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan read-only configuration, ensure that your organization meets the following requirements:

- Your eSignature account is in the Japan data region (JP1)
- Your organization has an active ID Verification, ID Verification Premier subscription or appropriate IAM (Intelligent Agreement Management) plan, such as IAM for CX
- Your administrator activated the Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan read-only configuration. For more information about activating a configuration, read the [Activate Identity Verification Configurations](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=ett1690403409655.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how account administrators activate identity verification configurations.") page.

## Limitations

For more information about the limitations for ID Verification with IC-chip Reading for Japan configuration, read the [Verification Using Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=con8ce1419e-2dda-46cc-952d-9bb07dcbc87e.html&_LANG=enus) page.

## List of configurable parameters

The Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan configuration is read-only. You cannot edit its configuration parameters. However, you can create a copy of the read-only configuration and customize it to meet your requirements. For more information about creating a customized configuration, read the [Customize your Docusign ID Verification with IC-chip Reading for Japan Configuration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=tsk92d2cf56-3d67-462e-b1bc-73fe3fbde25e.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to copy and edit the read-only Docusign ID Verification with IC-chip Reading for Japan configuration to meet your specific requirements.") page.

The following list enumerates the parameters that you can edit when creating a customized configuration. For more information about the ID Verification configuration parameters, read the [Add Identity Verification Configurations](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=dnh1583277456343.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how account administrators add configurations for identity verification.") page:

- Configuration name and description: Name and description of your customized configuration as they appear to senders when they select an identity verification for a recipient. For more information, read the [To Add ID Verification for a Recipient](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=whh1578456529441.html&_LANG=enus) page.
- Maximum verification attempts: The maximum number of times a recipient can try to verify their identity. When recipients exceed this limit, their envelope is locked.

  Note: The Japan Public Key Infrastructure imposes a limit of 5 unsuccessful password entry attempts for Individual Number Card holders. This limit applies to the Public Certification Service for Individuals flows because they use the digital signature certificate in the Individual number card (JPKI) ID document.
- Name variation level: By default, ID Verification only allows the minimal variation level. For more information about the recommended configuration parameters and name matching examples, read the [Japanese Name-Matching](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=ewf1742481620817.html&_LANG=enus) page.
- Recipients must verify: ID Verification requests that recipients verify their identity only once to access the envelope.
- Accepted IDs: Read the [Available ID documents](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=con136df38a-18a8-4c57-9d7c-69d9e8e9d9cd.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=available-id-documents) section.
- Stored data: By default, ID Evidence stores a specific set of data every time a recipient verifies their identity using the Docusign ID Verification with IC-chip Reading for Japan configuration. Administrators can change which data ID Evidence stores to meet their organization's needs.

## Available ID documents

Administrators can select the supported IDs from the following list:

- Individual number card (JPKI). The Individual number card (JPKI) uses the Public Certification Service for Individuals that uses the Japanese Public Key Infrastructure (JPKI) to verify recipients’ identity. It is the most robust identity verification. For more information about this ID verification flow, read the [Verification Using Docusign ID Verification with IC‑chip Reading for Japan](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=con8ce1419e-2dda-46cc-952d-9bb07dcbc87e.html&_LANG=enus) page.

  Important: if you select the Individual number card (JPKI) ID document, Docusign recommends that you choose a biometric ID verification as a fallback option.
- Individual number card. When this ID is selected, ID Verification uses the Individual Number Card (also known as My Number Card) to verify recipients’ identity. Unlike the Individual number card (JPKI), this verification flow does not require the password. Instead, ID Verification uses the biometric and IC-chip reading check and requests that the recipient enter card information from the front of the card. Next, the trusted partner takes a selfie of the recipient.
- Driver’s license. This ID document relies on the biometric and IC-chip reading check. Recipients who use this ID document for identification must provide two sets of 4-digit PINs for IC chip reading.

  Note: Names or addresses that include old Kanji characters (Gaiji) in a Driver’s License may result in verification failure.
- Residence card and special permanent residence certificate. Both identity documents rely on the biometric and IC-chip reading check. Recipients who use these ID documents to identify must provide additional information from the card.

  Note: Residence cards and special permanent residence certificates with an updated address will fail the verification because they require manual inspection to meet the identity verification requirement. This requirement complies with the Act on the Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds.
