---
title: Document Custom Fields
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=crp1583277382187.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:34Z'
---

# Document Custom Fields

Read about how administrators and users create custom fields for documents to collect
information specific to their business or organization. Custom fields can be saved for reuse in
any document to help speed document preparation.

Docusign users and administrators can create custom versions of standard
fields and save them for reuse on future documents. Define any combination of field
properties, such as font type or size, or a validation setting. Document custom fields help
speed up document preparation by allowing you to save fields customized for repeated
use.

The custom fields created by users display in the Fields palette for adding recipient fields
to documents. Custom fields are also listed in their user preferences.

Account administrators can view and manage the custom fields saved by all account users, as
well as add new custom fields for themselves or to share with all users.

Note: Changes to Document Custom Fields are captured in your account audit
log.

Note: Some advanced features and options are
supported only in certain Docusign plans. Your account plan might not
support some options discussed in this help topic. For more information about which options
are available for your account, check your account plan or contact Docusign
Support.
