---
title: Groups
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=cuv1583277363488.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:29Z'
---

# Groups

Read about how account administrators use groups to organize users into functional
units for template sharing and other functions.

Note:
Docusign CLM
enabled accounts create, edit, and delete groups for the account through Docusign organization settings. Contact your Docusign
administrator to manage groups at the organization level. For more information, see [Managing Groups](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=fza1583359190504.html&bundleId=rrf1583359212854&_LANG=enus).

As a Docusign account administrator, use the Groups page to manage the
groups on your account.

Groups are used to organize users into functional units for template sharing to limit user access to templates. Additionally, if multiple account brands are enabled, groups are used to set which brands can be used by group members.

There are two default groups for every account: Everyone and Administrators. These groups cannot be edited or deleted from the account. The Everyone group contains all active account users. The Administrators group has all active users that have the All administration capabilities option enabled in their associated [permission profile](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pof1583277362435.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use permission profiles to manage levels of access for a number of users. Permission profiles are sets of permissions that administrators assign to individual users. By managing the permission profiles, administrators can make changes to multiple users simultaneously."). If your account includes the ability to define delegated administration permission profiles, users who are assigned to these sets are not included in the Administrators group.
