---
title: Sample Default Legal Disclosure
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=cwz1663702052434.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:33Z'
---

# Sample Default Legal Disclosure

Read the default legal disclosure that is available to administrators who want to
customize it for their business.

The following default legal disclosure is available to administrators who want to customize it
for their business.

**IMPORTANT:** If you choose to create a custom disclosure, you will not be able
to change back to the default disclosure once you save the custom disclosure.
Additionally, Docusign will not automatically translate your
custom disclosure, and you must create a disclosure for each language used by your
signers.

**ELECTRONIC RECORD AND SIGNATURE DISCLOSURE**

From time to time, [[CompanyName]] (we, us or Company) may be required by law to
provide to you certain written notices or disclosures. Described below are the terms
and conditions for providing to you such notices and disclosures electronically
through the Docusign system. Please read the information below
carefully and thoroughly, and if you can access this information electronically to
your satisfaction and agree to this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure
(ERSD), please confirm your agreement by selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to
use electronic records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the Docusign system.

**Getting paper copies**

At any time, you may request from us a paper copy of any record provided or made
available electronically to you by us. You will have the ability to download and
print documents we send to you through the Docusign system during
and immediately after the signing session and, if you elect to create a Docusign account, you may access the documents for a limited
period of time (usually 30 days) after such documents are first sent to you. After
such time, if you wish for us to send you paper copies of any such documents from
our office to you, you will be charged a $[[CopyCostPerPage]] per-page fee. You may
request delivery of such paper copies from us by following the procedure described
below.

**Withdrawing your consent**

If you decide to receive notices and disclosures from us electronically, you may at
any time change your mind and tell us that thereafter you want to receive required
notices and disclosures only in paper format. How you must inform us of your
decision to receive future notices and disclosure in paper format and withdraw your
consent to receive notices and disclosures electronically is described below.

**Consequences of changing your mind**

If you elect to receive required notices and disclosures only in paper format, it
will slow the speed at which we can complete certain steps in transactions with you
and delivering services to you because we will need first to send the required
notices or disclosures to you in paper format, and then wait until we receive back
from you your acknowledgment of your receipt of such paper notices or disclosures.
Further, you will no longer be able to use the Docusign system to
receive required notices and consents electronically from us or to sign
electronically documents from us.

**All notices and disclosures will be sent to you electronically**

Unless you tell us otherwise in accordance with the procedures described herein, we
will provide electronically to you through the Docusign system all
required notices, disclosures, authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents
that are required to be provided or made available to you during the course of our
relationship with you. To reduce the chance of you inadvertently not receiving any
notice or disclosure, we prefer to provide all of the required notices and
disclosures to you by the same method and to the same address that you have given
us. Thus, you can receive all the disclosures and notices electronically or in paper
format through the paper mail delivery system. If you do not agree with this
process, please let us know as described below. Please also see the paragraph
immediately above that describes the consequences of your electing not to receive
delivery of the notices and disclosures electronically from us.

**How to contact [[CompanyName]]:**

You may contact us to let us know of your changes as to how we may contact you
electronically, to request paper copies of certain information from us, and to
withdraw your prior consent to receive notices and disclosures electronically as
follows:

[[WithdrawOptions]]

**To advise [[CompanyName]] of your new email address**

To let us know of a change in your email address where we should send notices and
disclosures electronically to you, you must send an email message to us at
[[ChangeEmail]] and in the body of such request you must state: your previous email
address, your new email address.[[ChangeEmailOther]]

If you created a Docusign account, you may update it with your new
email address through your account preferences.

**To request paper copies from [[CompanyName]]**

To request delivery from us of paper copies of the notices and disclosures previously
provided by us to you electronically, you must send us an email to
[[CopyRequestEmail]] and in the body of such request you must state your email
address, full name, mailing address, and telephone number.
[[CopyFeeCollectionMethod]]

**To withdraw your consent with [[CompanyName]]**

To inform us that you no longer wish to receive future notices and disclosures in
electronic format you may:

1. decline to sign a document from within your signing session, and on the
   subsequent page, select the check-box indicating you wish to withdraw your
   consent, or you may;
2. send us an email to [[WithdrawEmail]] and in the body of such request you must
   state your email, full name, mailing address, and telephone number.
   [[WithdrawOther]]. [[WithdrawConsequences]].

**Required hardware and software**

The minimum system requirements for using the Docusign system may
change over time. The current system requirements are found here: [Signer Guide Signing System Requirements](https://support.docusign.com/guides/signer-guide-signing-system-requirements)

**Acknowledging your access and consent to receive and sign documents
electronically**

To confirm to us that you can access this information electronically, which will be
similar to other electronic notices and disclosures that we will provide to you,
please confirm that you have read this ERSD, and (i) that you are able to print on
paper or electronically save this ERSD for your future reference and access; or (ii)
that you are able to email this ERSD to an email address where you will be able to
print on paper or save it for your future reference and access. Further, if you
consent to receiving notices and disclosures exclusively in electronic format as
described herein, then select the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic
records and signatures’ before clicking ‘CONTINUE’ within the Docusign system.

By selecting the check-box next to ‘I agree to use electronic records and
signatures’, you confirm that:

- You can access and read this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure; and You
  can print on paper this Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure, or save or
  send this Electronic Record and Disclosure to a location where you can print it,
  for future reference and access; and
- Until or unless you notify [[CompanyName]] as described above, you consent to
  receive exclusively through electronic means all notices, disclosures,
  authorizations, acknowledgements, and other documents that are required to be
  provided or made available to you by [[CompanyName]] during the course of your
  relationship with [[CompanyName]].
