---
title: Transfer Templates from Your Account
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=cym1583277376006.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:33Z'
---

# Transfer Templates from Your Account

Learn how administrators transfer ownership of templates created by users on an account
to other users.

As an administrator, you have access to all templates created by the users on your account. You can transfer ownership of templates from the Templates page of your Docusign account.

1. From your Docusign account, select the
   Templates tab in the global header.
2. Select All Templates and locate the templates you want to
   transfer by filtering, searching, or scanning the list.
3. To transfer a single template:
   1. Select the action menu for the template and select Transfer
      Ownership.
   2. Select the new owner for the template and select
      Transfer.

      The transfer is initiated. The template may remain in the original owner's account
      for a brief time until the transfer is complete. Refresh your browser for an updated
      view of the transferred item.
4. To transfer multiple templates:
   1. Select the check box for each template that you want to transfer.
   2. Select More > Transfer Ownership.
   3. Select the new owner for the templates and select
      Transfer.

      The transfer is initiated. The templates may remain in the original owner's
      account for a brief time until the transfer is complete. Refresh your browser for an
      updated view of the transferred items.
