---
title: Templates
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=edh1583277351016.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:31Z'
---

# Templates

Read about how administrators configure the way templates are used, such as whether they are required for an envelope or can be uploaded by users.

These settings configure template usage for the account.

- Require a template for all envelopes sent from this account: This setting is available for all accounts except for Simplified Sending accounts. When selected, users will not be able to send envelopes without selecting a template. The Send an Envelope option will not appear in the sending experience. The user can still send an envelope without a template through the API.
- Enable template upload: This setting is only available for Simplified Sending accounts. When selected, users will be able to upload templates.
- Enable Agreement Template Builder: This setting is currently available as part of a limited release for customers who have purchased the Document Generation add-on for eSignature. When selected, the Agreement Template Builder is part of the template creation flow. The Agreement Template Builder allows users to edit template documents directly in Docusign eSignature. For more information, see the [Agreement Template Builder for Document Generation](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=als1679428547895&topicId=jct1697745471160.html&_LANG=enus) topic. This setting is enabled by default.
