---
title: Turn Off KBA in a New Identity Verification Configuration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=fnh1654559601241.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Turn Off KBA in a New Identity Verification Configuration

Learn how account administrators can turn off KBA when creating a new
configuration.

When you are creating a Identity Verification configuration, you can turn off KBA if you want
recipients to identify themselves using methods other than KBA.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity
   Verification.

   The Identity Verification screen opens.
2. Select Add Configuration.

   The Add Configuration screen opens.
3. Choose the ID Verification method and select Next.

   The Add ID Verification screen opens.
4. Enter a name for your configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   Note: The name and description are not translated. Senders
   see the text in the language it is written.
5. Select the maximum number of verification attempts.

   This number represents how many times recipients can attempt to verify before
   the envelope is locked. If recipients are unsuccessful in verifying their
   identity, by default, the envelope is locked and users must contact the sender
   to unlock it.
6. Select one of the levels of variation for name acceptance standards when
   matching the name of the recipient with the name in the ID:

   - Maximum variation: Allows additional variations
     of middle names, suffixes, equivalent names and tolerates minor typing
     mistakes. This is the default selection. The Maximum variation option is
     not compatible with the IDV - DS EU Advanced signature type.
   - Moderate variation: Allows additional variations
     of middle names and suffixes.
   - Minimal variation: Allows minor variations of
     first and last names only.

   Note: For more information about this setting, see [ID
   Name Matching](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=rhb1657542911402.html&_LANG=enus).
7. Select how often recipients must verify when accessing an envelope.

   If you select Every access or Every access
   until role is completed, you can turn on Allow SMS
   authentication after one successful verification. The recipient
   provides a mobile phone number to complete this type of authentication.
8. In the Accepted IDs section, uncheck the
   Accept all recommended ID types, issuing countries and
   regions option and select Manage.

   The Manage accepted IDs screen opens.
9. Type “United States” in the search field.

   The Manage Accepted IDs screen displays the
   "United States" entry.
10. Uncheck the KNOWLEDGE-BASED AUTHENTICATION column.
11. Select Save.

    The Add ID Verification screen opens.
12. (Optional) In the Stored data from IDs section, change
    the data default selection.
13. Select Add.

ID Verification saves your new configuration.
