---
title: Envelope Delivery
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=fur1583277359739.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:30Z'
---

# Envelope Delivery

Read about delivery options administrators can specify for the delivery of envelopes,
including whether completed documents are attached to the completed email sent to senders and
signers.

These settings are used to set the envelope delivery options for recipients.

- Attach documents to completion email: When selected all
  the completed documents are included in the completed email sent to senders and signers as
  PDF file attachments. To include the Certificate of Completion along with the documents, you
  must also select the setting Attach certificate of completion to
  envelope.

  Note: If sending or
  requesting sensitive information such as PII data during the signing process, we recommend
  that you opt to not attach signed documents to the completion emails that get sent out to
  all recipients. We recommend that you consult with your legal and privacy team to
  determine the appropriate level of security for the account.
- Attach certificate of completion to envelope: When
  selected, when an envelope is downloaded as a Combined PDF, the Certificate of Completion is
  included at the end of the file. (The Certificate is always included with the Separate PDF
  download option.) If the setting Attach documents to completion email
  is also selected, the Certificate is included as a separate attachment to the completed
  email that is sent to senders and signers.
- Suppress emails to embedded signers: When selected, an
  email completion notice is not sent to embedded signers when envelope signing is completed.
  This option is only used with the embedded signing function and cannot be selected if the
  Send completion emails to embedded signers option is selected.
- Send completion emails to embedded signers: When
  selected, an email completion notice is sent to embedded signers when envelope signing is
  completed. This option is only used with the embedded signing function.
- Allow account users to decide if they should send a link or attach a
  PDF: When this option is selected, the Deliver self-signed email
  notifications by option can be set in user [Permission Profiles](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pof1583277362435.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use permission profiles to manage levels of access for a number of users. Permission profiles are sets of permissions that administrators assign to individual users. By managing the permission profiles, administrators can make changes to multiple users simultaneously.") and will override the account setting. It also allows Docusign mobile application users
  to set the email option used when sending from the application.
- Deliver self-signed email notifications by: This option
  selects the default account setting for how self-signed documents (documents sent using the
  Sign a Document option) are presented to the email recipients. This setting also affects
  self-signed documents sent from Docusign mobile applications. There are two possible
  selections:
  - Link: A secure link to the self-signed documents is included in
    the email. Email recipients select the link to navigate to the completed documents,
    where they can view and download the documents.
  - PDF: A PDF of the completed documents is attached to the
    email. Email recipients can view and download the attached documents.
