---
title: Manage Envelope Sharing Among Users
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=goc1583277441501.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:27Z'
---

# Manage Envelope Sharing Among Users

Learn how administrators manage envelope sharing among users. Administrators can allow
specific users to access envelopes that belong to other users on an account and allow users on
an account to access a specific user's envelopes.

As an administrator, you can allow users of an account to
share envelopes with other users on the account. Specifically, you can allow a selected user
to access the envelopes of other users, or you can allow other users to access the selected
user's envelopes.

Note: The options on the Actions menu for
Share envelope with a user and Share user’s
envelopes are now on the Manage Shared Access page. Shared Envelopes is now in
maintenance mode and will no longer be updated.

1. From the Accounts view, select Users.
2. Locate the user that you want to manage sharing settings for, and select the
   Actions menu.

   Note: If the Manage Shared Access option displays in the Actions
   menu, select Manage Shared Access and review the information
   message at the top of the page. You can select either Share envelopes with
   user or Share user's envelopes from here.
3. If you have Shared envelopes only, select one of the following options from the
   Actions menu:

   - **Share envelopes with user**: This option grants the selected user access to the
     envelopes of other users.
     1. Select Add Users on the Envelopes shared with
        [user name] page.
     2. Select the users whose envelopes you want to share with the selected user.
   - **Share user's envelopes**: This option grants access to the selected user's
     envelopes to other users.
     1. Select Add Users on the Envelopes shared by
        [user name] page.
     2. Select the users who can access the envelopes that belong to the selected user.

   Note: To locate users more easily, use the
   Search and Filter options. You can
   select up to 100 users at a time. To select all users that are listed in the search
   results (up to 100), use the select all option at the top of the list.
4. Select Assign.

The users you selected are displayed.
