---
title: Edit the Default Legal Disclosure
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=gsr1583277453390.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:33Z'
---

# Edit the Default Legal Disclosure

Learn how to modify the default legal disclosure. Administrators can edit the legal
disclosure contents to include their company information.

As an account administrator, you can edit the legal disclosure
contents to include your company information.

1. From the Accounts view, select Legal
   Disclosure.
2. In the Configure a Disclosure section, edit your Account Name as
   needed. This is the company information shown to recipients in the disclosure.

   Optionally, you can select to have your account name, as shown in the [Account Profile](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=lva1583277327185.html&_LANG=enus "Read about administrators can update and maintain an account name and address of record in the Account Profile."), automatically updated to be the
   same as the account name you just entered.
3. Update the text fields in the disclosure as needed. Review the question above each
   field and enter or select the appropriate information for the field.

   The maximum number of characters for the text fields are:
   - Email address your customer should use if they want to request paper copies of their
     documents? = 100 characters.
   - If your customer requires paper copies how will you collect those fees? = 255
     characters.
   - Customer consent withdrawal Email contact = 100 characters.
   - Customer consent withdrawal Phone contact = 20 characters.
   - Customer consent withdrawal Mail contact Address line 1 = 100 characters.
   - Customer consent withdrawal Mail contact Address line 2 = 100 characters.
   - Customer consent withdrawal Mail contact City = 50 characters.
   - Customer consent withdrawal Mail contact Postal Code = 20 characters.
   - If your customer decides to withdraw their consent, what other information will you
     need? = 255 characters.
   - Are there any special consequences of your customer withdrawing their consent to
     receive electronic records from you? = 255 characters.
   - If your customer needs to change their email address, where should they send the
     change request? = 100 characters.
   - Enter any other information you require from your customer if they change their
     email address. = 255 characters.
4. Select Save.
