---
title: Add Risk-Based Verification Configuration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=gvk1750157423662.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Add Risk-Based Verification Configuration

Learn how to add Risk-Based Verification configurations to an account.

## Before you begin

You must fulfill the following prerequisites to enable risk-based identity verification:

- You must have full account administrator or delegated permissions
- You activate Risk-Based Verification for Docusign accounts hosted
  in the United States

As an administrator, you are in charge of adding a Risk-Based Verification configuration
to your account. Risk-Based Verification automatically assigns the appropriate
identity verification relevant for each recipient based on a risk assessment.

Docusign delegates the assessment of each participant's risk score to
the Socure trusted partner. You cannot change the criteria the trusted partner
considers when assessing the risk score. However, you can
choose the identity verification method for each risk profile. You can also
select the signals to reject recipients from a transaction due to their strong
correlation with fraudulent activity. For more information about the
risk-based identity verification settings, read the [Risk-Based Verification Configuration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=njf1750155136303.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about Risk-Based Verification (RBV) and how you can configure it.") page.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity Verification.
2. Select Add Configuration.

   The Add Configuration screen opens.
3. Select Risk-Based Verification.

   The Edit risk-based verification page opens.
4. Enter a name for the configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   The system does not translate the name and description. Senders see the text in
   its original language.

   The Risk assessment section shows recipients' data
   that the trusted partner analyzes to determine the risk levels. You cannot
   customize the assessment criteria. Select Learn more in
   the Risk assessment section for more information about
   those criteria.
5. Select the identity verification method that you want to
   associate with each risk profile in the Risk levels and identity
   verification methods section.

   For more information about risk profiles, select
   Learn more in the Risk levels and
   identity verification methods section or read the [Risk-Based Verification Configuration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=njf1750155136303.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about Risk-Based Verification (RBV) and how you can configure it.") page.
6. Select the reasons for rejecting recipients from the identity verification flow
   in the Reject Recipients section.

   For more information, read the [Risk-Based Verification Configuration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=njf1750155136303.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about Risk-Based Verification (RBV) and how you can configure it.") page.
7. Select the data to store in ID Evidence for each recipient applying to Risk-Based Verification.
8. Select Add

   The configuration displays in the configurations list and is available
   for senders.
