---
title: Add Email Archive Addresses
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=hkz1583277370453.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:31Z'
---

# Add Email Archive Addresses

Learn how account administrators add addresses to the email archive.

As an account administrator, you can add addresses to
the email archive.

Remember: An account can
only have a maximum of five active or pending email archive addresses at one time.

1. From the Accounts view, select Email Archive
   Configuration.
2. Select Add Email.
3. In the Email field, type the email address and select
   Add.

   Docusign sends a validation email to the email address with a link
   to activate the email address. If the link is not selected, the email address remains in a
   pending status and email copies are not sent to the email address.

   Tip: If the validation email
   is deleted or lost, you can close the pending email address and then reactivate it to
   send a new validation email.

The following events will trigger a Docusign email notification which will also be sent to the archive address:

- In Session Recipient Envelope Signed
- Failed Envelope Vaulting
- Recipient Envelope Complete
- Recipient Envelope Complete In Person
- Envelope Activation Failed
- Envelope Activation (this includes reminder and expiration emails)
- Certified Delivery Notification
- Reassign Signer
- In Session Recipient Envelope Viewed
- Envelope Corrected
- Fax Received
- Envelope Voided
- Change Signer
- Voided Fax Received
- Recipient Add Access Code
- Fax Received Wet Sign
- Carbon Copy Notification
- Envelope Declined
- Purge Envelopes
- Document Markup Activation
- Agent Notification
