---
title: Edit or View Signing Groups
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=htt1583277369178.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:29Z'
---

# Edit or View Signing Groups

Learn how administrators change the name of a signing group and add or delete members.

Changes to a signing group do not affect envelopes that have already been sent and are still in progress, only future envelopes sent using the group. In-progress envelopes are accessible to all group members included at the time of sending. You can edit a group to change the name or modify the list of group members.

- **If you remove a group member**, the sender must [void](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=oeq1643226594604&topicId=vks1578456426150.html&_LANG=enus) any in progress envelopes for the group in order to remove access to the member.
- **If you add a group member,** the sender must [resend](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=hqt1578456337100.html&bundleId=oeq1643226594604&_LANG=enus) any in progress envelopes for the group in order to grant access to the new member.

If group members have changed their email address, you'll need to edit the signing group to remove the old instance and then add in the new one.

1. From the Accounts view, select Signing Groups.

   You can view the list of signing groups, the number of users in each signing group, and the signing group ID. The signing group ID is a unique identifier for the group. This identifier is useful for API developers using the Docusign API.
2. Locate the signing group that you want to edit or view by searching or viewing the list.
3. Select ACTIONS > Edit.
4. When editing a signing group, you can:

   - Change the signing group name.
   - Assign users to the signing group.
   - Remove users from the signing group.
5. Select Save to save your changes.
