---
title: Automate Common Post-Signature Tasks With Agreement Actions
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=hzy1594673444380.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:37Z'
---

# Automate Common Post-Signature Tasks With Agreement Actions

Read about how account administrators use Agreement Actions to create and manage business rules to determine what happens to completed envelopes. The rules can trigger actions, such as archiving to a cloud storage application, starting a Docusign CLM workflow, and exporting data to a spreadsheet.

Note: Agreement Actions is not included with all account plans. If you do not see Agreement Actions, it may not be enabled for your account. Contact Docusign Support for assistance.

With Agreement Actions, account administrators can automate common post-signature tasks when an envelope is completed. You can create agreement rules based on document custom fields, template type, or envelope data.

The rules can trigger actions, such as archiving to a cloud storage application, starting a Docusign CLM workflow, and exporting data to a spreadsheet.

Note: For more information about CLM workflows, see [Agreement Actions in CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=trr1605121275463.html&_LANG=enus).

Before automating post-signature tasks in an external application, you must connect your application to Docusign. Connected applications for agreement actions are managed in Docusign App Center. The Docusign App Center provides administrators with a single, secure place to install, approve, and manage all connected apps, now referred to as connections of an installed app. Using the Docusign App Center simplifies setup, strengthens governance, and ensures consistency across Docusign products like eSignature, Workflow Builder, and Agreement Manager. For more information on creating connections and managing connected apps, see the [Use Docusign App Center to Manage App Connections](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ous1698169987748&topicId=con5c7c664f-0f3a-482b-89d9-0766a9544b4c.html&_LANG=enus) topic. Agreement action rules are managed in account administration as described in the [Create and Manage Agreement Rules](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=btt1594673504460.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how account administrators create agreement rules to determine actions for completed envelopes. Actions include Archive to, Start workflow, and Export to spreadsheet.") topic.
