---
title: Assign Brands to Groups
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=iby1583277366335.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:29Z'
---

# Assign Brands to Groups

Read about how administrators assign brands to groups for group members to use when they
send envelopes or create templates.

If your account includes multiple signing brands, you can use the groups functionality to
manage which brands are available to your Docusign account members.

For the custom groups you define for your account, you can assign brands to specify the ones
that group members can use. Group members can use the available brands when they send
envelopes or create templates.

Note: You cannot assign brands to the two default groups: Administrators
and Everyone. Account administrators have access to all brands configured for the account,
regardless of the groups they are assigned to.

You can simplify and control brand usage in your account by limiting brand access by groups.
In most cases, each user likely needs to use only a single brand for their Docusign envelopes.
But you may have defined multiple brands to support various divisions or teams within your
company. By assigning brands to groups, and assigning users to those groups, you can control
the brands used to send envelopes and create templates.

**Example scenarios for users and groups**

Here are the possible scenarios for users and groups, and how it affects the brands
available:

- **User is not assigned to any groups**. The user uses the default signing brand for all
  envelopes he sends and any templates he creates.
- **User is assigned to a group that does not have any assigned brands**. The user uses
  the default signing brand for all envelopes he sends and any templates he creates.
- **User is assigned to multiple groups, which all have assigned brands**. The user has
  access to all of the brands assigned to all of the groups to which he belongs. He can select
  which brand to use for each envelope he sends or template he creates.
- **User is an administrator on the account**. Account administrators have access to all
  brands configured for the account, regardless of the groups they are assigned to.
