---
title: Reactivate Users
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=iuq1583277427270.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:26Z'
---

# Reactivate Users

Learn how account administrators reactivate closed users. If you are an administrator with delegated administration rights for Users and Groups only, you can close or reactivate only non-administrative users. You cannot manage users with permission profiles that include any level of administrative rights.

As an administrator, you can reactivate closed users. If you are an administrator with delegated administration permissions for Users and Groups only, you can close or reactivate only non-administrative users. You cannot manage users with permission profiles that include any level of administrative rights.

Note: An email address can belong to only one active or pending user. When you attempt to reactivate a user, the system checks to see if the email address is in use. If it is active, you cannot reactivate the user unless you close the user with the active email address.

1. From the Accounts view, select Users.
2. Locate the closed user whose account you want to reactivate.

   To search for closed users, select the Status filter, and select the  Closed status. Clear the Active and Pending statuses, and select Apply.
3. Select Actions > Reactivate for the closed user that you want to reactivate.

   The system checks to see if the email address is in active use for another user. If the email address is in use, you can view the user profile, but you cannot reactivate the user unless you first close the active user.
4. Review the user profile information and update it as necessary. Select Next.
5. (Optional) Enter an access code for additional security, and provide the code to the user. The user must have the code to reactivate the account.
6. Select a permission profile for the user and optionally assign groups.
7. Select Reactive User.

   The user receives an email with activation instructions for the account.
