---
title: User Management
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=ixb1583277365937.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:26Z'
---

# User Management

Read about how account administrators manage the users in an account through the Users page. You can add, edit, close, reset passwords, and modify sharing for your users.

Note: Docusign CLM enabled accounts add, update, and close users for the account through your Docusign organization settings. Contact your Docusign organization administrator to manage users at the organization level. For more information, see the [User Management](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=jni1583359185567.html&_LANG=enus) topic in Docusign Organization Administration.

As a Docusign account administrator, the Users page lets you manage the users on your account. You can add users on your account in accordance with your plan details. You can view how many active users you have on the [Plan and Billing](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=sko1583277326930.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators review and modify subscription and billing information for accounts.") page. Users must activate their account, at which point they become billable users on the account.

Note: The Plan and Billing page appears with the title Subscription and Billing for some account types.

For users in the Docusign system, an email address can belong to only one active or pending user. When you add users, the system checks if the address is already in use before creating the new user. If there are one or more closed users only (no active or pending users), you have the option of reactivating one of the closed users or adding a new user to your account. You can view closed users by using the filter menu on the Users page.

If your company recycles email addresses and reuses them for different employees, when you run into the reactivate or add new user option, you should choose to add a new user. This ensures that the new employee does not get access to any envelopes that belonged to the former account member.

Note: If you are an administrator with delegated administration rights for Users and Groups only, you can perform the actions described in this guide for non-administrative users only. You cannot manage any user with a permission profile that includes any level of administrative rights.
