---
title: PDF/A Conversion and Compliance
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jbc1666049037612.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:31Z'
---

# PDF/A Conversion and Compliance

Read about how administrators can enable PDF/A conversion and compliance for documents
in the account.

PDF/A is an ISO-standardized version of PDF for archiving documents. PDF/A requirements do not
allow the documents to include JavaScript, audio, video, and external fonts. Encryption
is also not allowed. Under the ISO-standard, the PDF/A documents are converted into an
ISO-standard format intended for long-term preservation of the document’s
content.

Administrators can control the conversion of documents to the PDF/A format at the
account level. Administrators can turn on the Enable PDF/A Conversion and
Compliance setting on the Sending Settings page in the account
administration settings. When this setting is enabled by the account administrator, all
new envelope documents uploaded in the account go through PDF/A conversion and
compliance checking against the PDF/A ISO-standard. The documents are available in PDF/A
format when downloaded.

PDF/A conversion includes a validation and repair process. Under this process, the
PDF document is inspected to check if it meets the requirements of PDF/A. If it does
not, it is often possible to repair the document to meet the requirements. For example,
if a PDF document has references to external fonts, the PDF document can be repaired by
embedding the font.

PDF/A “compliance” means that the document is saved in a format that meets the PDF/A
ISO-standard. Specifically, a PDF/A-conforming document contains metadata that
identifies the PDF/A level and the subvariant, such as PDF/A-1a or PDF/A-2u. PDF
documents extracted from a downloaded envelope archive (.zip file) are PDF/A
compliant.

Important:
Docusign disclaims any express or implied warranties that a
converted PDF/A document meets a customer's specific needs.

Only the documents uploaded in the envelopes after the PDF/A setting is enabled go
through PDF/A conversion and compliance. If the setting is turned off, the documents
uploaded in the envelopes do not go through PDF/A conversion and compliance.

For more information about PDF/A standards, see [PDF/A in a Nutshell](https://www.pdfa.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/PDFA_in_a_Nutshell_211.pdf).

## Limitations and other considerations

- Downloading combined documents is not recommended. Instead, to preserve the PDF/A conversion
  of individual documents in the envelope, you can download an envelope archive
  (.zip file) or a Portfolio PDF. The envelope archive (.zip file) keeps the
  individual documents intact, whereas a combined document download loses document
  metadata. Currently, using a Portfolio PDF is available only through the API.
  The Portfolio PDF is a container file that contains any embedded files, which
  are kept intact and can be extracted.
- Supported conformance levels include:
  - PDF/A-1b, PDF/A-1a
  - PDF/A-2b, PDF/A-2a, PDF/A-2u.
- PDF/A-3b, PDF/A-3a, PDF/A-3u, PDF/A-4e, and PDF/A-4f are not currently
  supported.
- Documents saved as PDF/A might contain additional metadata and become larger in file size
  since external objects are embedded in the PDF. The appearance of the document
  is not affected.
- During Document Upload, there might be a minor increase in the latency due to
  additional operations for conversion and repairs for PDF/A.
