---
title: Identity Verification for FINTRAC Compliance
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jmr1703363228042.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:36Z'
---

# Identity Verification for FINTRAC Compliance

Read about how adminstrators can use the Docusign ID Verification for FINTRAC compliance
configuration to maintain compliance requirements for financial institutions in
Canada.

The [Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada](https://fintrac-canafe.canada.ca/intro-eng)
(FINTRAC) is the financial intelligence unit and anti-money laundering and
anti-terrorist financing supervisor in Canada.

FINTRAC regulations and compliance apply to organizations in Canada that are
part of any type of financial transaction. Examples include banks, credit unions, and
insurance companies. For a complete list of institution types, see the [Who is this guidance for](https://fintrac-canafe.canada.ca/guidance-directives/client-clientele/Guide11/11-eng) article on the
FINTRAC website.

If you are performing identity verifications as one of the applicable institution
types in Canada, you can use the FINTRAC Compliance configuration to outline the FINTRAC
requirements. The Docusign FINTRAC configuration using Identify
Liveness includes all of the mandatory fields required for ID Evidence to comply with
FINTRAC requirements. By using the FINTRAC configuration, your identity verifications
should meet the FINTRAC compliance requirements.

## Your Responsibility for Retaining FINTRAC Information

FINTRAC requires that the financial institution or organization retains the
information relating to the identity verification checks for a minimum of five
years. You are responsible for storing the information locally within your company’s
control. Docusign is not responsible for assuring you have complied with this
retention requirement. You can save the related data by downloading a PDF or using
the API to collect the data and store it outside of Docusign for the required time
period. FINTRAC requires that you keep records so that they can be provided to
FINTRAC within 30 days of a request. For more information, see the [What are my responsibilities when maintaining
records?](https://fintrac-canafe.canada.ca/guidance-directives/recordkeeping-document/record/fin-eng#s2) article on the FINTRAC website.
