---
title: Domains
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jub1589318086105.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:38Z'
---

# Domains

Read about how administrators claim a domain for an organization and manage all users
for that domain.

Claiming domains requires that you have already created your organization as described in [Create an
Organization](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=nkj1583359134234.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to create an organization and begin to manage multiple accounts."). To claim a domain, you must have access to Docusign Admin and have the Administrator permission
profile.

Note: Claiming a domain is also part of the
authorization process for connected applications. For more information, see [Connected
Apps](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=ynk1583359206013.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how organization administrators manage the applications that can access your Docusign organization. Applications are authorized for all domain users and access is limited by the permissions you specify.").

As a Docusign administrator, you can claim domains for use with Docusign through the Domains page of your organization. When you claim
and verify an email domain for your organization, you can manage all users for that
domain across all accounts linked to the organization.

You can restrict users from creating personal Docusign accounts using an email address
from a claimed domain. You can also grant administrative consent for connected
applications on behalf of domain users.

Important: A domain can only be claimed by one Docusign organization. If one organization has claimed and verified a
domain, another organization cannot claim it. An organization can claim the same domain
in both the demo and production environments.

To start, you'll initiate a claim for your organization from the Domains page in Docusign Admin. Docusign generates a special token
that you add to the DNS (Domain Name System) for the domain. Once Docusign verifies this token in the DNS, the domain is registered to
the organization.

Note: You can choose to add a CNAME record or a TXT record to your
domain’s DNS. Docusign recommends using CNAME record when claiming a
domain.

Note: All users in the organization might have access to the
organization's reserved domain and identity provider information.
