---
title: Add Identity Verification Configurations for Phone Authentication
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jwu1731890669598.1.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Add Identity Verification Configurations for Phone Authentication

Learn how to create identity verification configurations that use the Docusign ID Verification for Phone Authentication verification
method

As an account administrator, you can add an identity verification
configuration that uses an automated voice phone call or a Short Message Service
(SMS) text message. Recipients receive a code by SMS or answer a phone call and
receive a verbal authentication code. They enter the code into the platform to open
an envelope.

You can define your identity verification configuration to use either SMS
or phone, SMS only, or phone call only.

For more information about phone authentication for recipient identity verification,
see the [How Phone Authentication Works](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gav1643676262430&topicId=kvc1578456523785.html&_LANG=enus) topic.

Note:
Docusign Workflow Builder does not support Legacy SMS or
Legacy Phone Authentication. If you are using phone authentication with Workflow Builder, you
can copy and edit the default Docusign configuration that is
provided. Alternatively, you can create a new identity verification configuration
for phone authentication.

If you want to use phone authentication and you do not
have access to add the verification method, contact Docusign
Support.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity
   Verification.
2. Select Add Configuration.

   The Add Configuration page opens.
3. Choose Phone Authentication and select
   **Next**.

   The Add Phone Authentication page
   opens.
4. Enter a name for the configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   Note: The name and description are not translated. Senders
   see the text in the language that it is written.
5. Select the maximum number of verification attempts. This number represents how
   many times recipients can attempt to verify before the envelope is locked. If
   recipients are unsuccessful in verifying their identity, by default, the
   envelope is locked and users must contact the sender to unlock it.
6. Select how often recipients must verify when accessing an envelope.
   - Every access: recipients must identify every time
     they access an envelope.
   - Every access until role is completed: recipients
     must identify until they sign the envelope’s documents.
   - Once: recipients must only identify
     once.

   Note: Docusign has set up an early
   access program to test Phone Authentication persistence across all envelopes
   sent by the same sender within an account. This feature is available to
   selected accounts only and will be available to all customers in a future
   release. Enabling Phone Authentication persistence requires that the
   verification frequency settings in your Phone Authentication configuration
   align with the account-level authentication settings. The following table
   describes the required settings for both the Phone Authentication
   configuration and the account-level authentication settings. Only customers
   in the early access program must comply with those settings. For more
   information about account-level authentication settings, read the [Authentication Settings](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=muh1583277327950.1.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators configure account authentication requirements for recipients.") help page.

   Table 1. Required settings for Phone Authentication

   | If you select this Phone Authentication configuration… | Ensure you configure your account-level authentication setting as follows… |
   | --- | --- |
   | Every access | - Select Every time a recipient   accesses an envelope - Uncheck Completed envelopes are   accessible without additional   authentication if available |
   | Every access until role is completed | - Select Every time a recipient   accesses an envelope - Select Completed envelopes are   accessible without additional   authentication |
   | Once | - Select The first time a recipient   accesses an envelope per device - (Optional) Select Recipients can skip   authentication when accessing subsequent envelopes   from the same sender when using the same browser,   on a device, for the following   duration: |
7. (Optional) Select Mask phone number if you want to hide
   part of the phone number. This defines how the phone number entered by the
   sender is displayed to the recipient.
8. Select the method for providing the code to the recipient:

   - SMS or Phone Call: The recipient can choose
     either SMS or phone call.
   - SMS only: The recipient can only receive the code
     by SMS.
   - Phone Call only: The recipient can only receive
     the code by phone call.
9. Select Add.

The configuration displays in the configurations list and
is available for senders.
