---
title: Purging Envelopes
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=kcb1583277378645.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:32Z'
---

# Purging Envelopes

Administrators can search for and purge all completed, declined, or voided envelopes on the account sent from or signed by a specific email address. Envelopes purged in this way are immediately moved into the purge queue.

Docusign account administrators can search for and purge all completed, declined, or voided envelopes on the account that have been sent from or signed by a specific email address. Envelopes purged in this way are immediately moved into the purge queue. For more information about the purge queue, see [Document Retention](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=frq1583277404325.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the document retention policy and how account administrators can change it to fit their business needs.").

Note: To be purged, envelopes must have a status of Completed, Declined, or Voided. In-process and Draft envelopes cannot be purged.

Along with deleting the documents, you can also choose to delete the envelope's metadata and redact all personally identifiable information from the envelope, certificate of completion, and history. The metadata includes any fields that were added to the documents and any API attachments that were added to the envelope from the system.

By default, Docusign securely retains all customer documents on the service for as long as the account is active. When an account is closed, Docusign may retain all sent, signed, and voided envelopes for a period of approximately two years from the date of account closure to meet legal, compliance, auditing, or security obligations. This retention period may be further extended if legally required.
