---
title: API Usage Center for eSignature Developers
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=kkl1663020114594.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:37Z'
---

# API Usage Center for eSignature Developers

Read about the dashboard for developers to monitor the efficiency of their Docusign integrations.

The API Usage Center is a dashboard for monitoring the efficiency of apps that your
account uses to make API calls. You can:

- View the number of API calls over a period of time
- View efficiency scores for your apps
- Learn how to address issues that reduce efficiency
- View which apps approached or exceeded API limits
- Update the hourly call limit

For more information about API Usage Center, see the [API
Usage Center overview](https://developers.docusign.com/tools/api-usage-center/).

For more information about developing Docusign integrations, see [Build a Docusign integration](https://developers.docusign.com/platform/build-integration/).

**API Activity**

API Activity is a set of charts inside the API Usage Center that report on the
eSignature API activity. You can view information such as historical API usage,
successful and failed API calls, the distribution of API calls across all accounts API
connections, and the API limits.

See [API Activity by App](https://developers.docusign.com/tools/api-usage-center/#api_activity_by_app) for more information about viewing API
activity.

**API Efficiency**

The API Efficiency section inside the API Usage Center contains components that
assess your app’s efficiency and offer recommendations for how to improve it.

See [Efficiency score factors](https://developers.docusign.com/tools/api-usage-center/factors/) for a complete list of factors included in the
analysis.

**API Limit Management**

Each account has an hourly API call limit, which is the maximum number of calls
permitted from all apps associated with the account. If the account exceeds the limit,
calls will be blocked until the start of the next hour. If you already optimized
efficiency and your account continues to exceed the limit, you can increase it in the
API Usage Center. The limit management feature enables account administrators to change
the hourly limit without contacting support.

For more information about increasing your API rate limit on an account, see [API limit management](https://developers.docusign.com/tools/api-usage-center/limit-management/).
