---
title: Use Bulk Uploads to Update License Assignments for Users
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=kwe1745022773920.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:26Z'
---

# Use Bulk Uploads to Update License Assignments for Users

Learn how account administrators can use bulk upload to update license assignments for users.

## Before you begin

- You must be logged in as an administrator for the account. See the [Administrator Permissions](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=hvs1583277346278.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how account administrators assign limited levels of access to account users through permission profiles.") topic if you do not have access as an account administrator.
- Select Admin in the top navigation bar to view account administration. If you have multiple accounts, select Accounts from the left pane and choose the account you want to work in. For single accounts with no organization, the left pane containing Organization and Accounts does not display in your view.

For accounts on IAM plans, account administrators can adjust license assignments to meet expected license usage. An account administrator can follow these steps to change license assignments.

Downgrading user licenses to Free licenses removes access to functionality not supported by the license. Administrators are responsible for communicating these changes to their users and managing the license assignments for their organizational needs.

To assign a license for an individual user, you can edit the user and change the license type.

Note: Every IAM user must have a license assigned to them. Licenses cannot be removed from users who are on an IAM plan. To remove a paid license from a user, you can edit the user and change the license type to Free.

Note: Additional functionality beyond signing will be increasingly restricted for Free licenses in the future. Users may experience changes without prior notice.

1. From the Accounts view, select Users.
2. Select Download Users to export a CSV of all users in your account.
3. Update the LicenseType column to reflect the correct license type for the user. Examples are Free license or a Full license, such as Full - Enterprise.

   See the [list of license types](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bhs1740099648152.html&_LANG=enus "Read about license information shown in the Users page.") associated with your purchased plan.
4. Bulk import the updated CSV file to the account.
