---
title: Brands
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=lfr1583277366660.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:24Z'
---

# Brands

Branding offers account administrators a way to customize the Docusign experience for both senders and recipients.

Note: These features are temporarily disabled for account plans purchased
on the web after November 20, 2024. For more information, contact Docusign
Support.

Branding offers a way to customize the Docusign experience for both senders
and recipients. With the branding controls in Docusign, as an account
administrator you can reinforce your brand presence and reassure signers that documents sent
to them through your Docusign account are coming from your organization. The
branding configurations you specify are global and apply to all users on your account and
every recipient experience for every envelope sent from your account.

You must be an eSignature administrator with All Administration Capabilities in order to
manage these settings. See [Permission Profiles](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pof1583277362435.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use permission profiles to manage levels of access for a number of users. Permission profiles are sets of permissions that administrators assign to individual users. By managing the permission profiles, administrators can make changes to multiple users simultaneously.") for details.

All branding changes are captured in the account audit log.

Note: Some advanced features and options are
supported only in certain Docusign plans. Your account plan might not
support some options discussed in this topic. For more information about which options are
available for your account, check your account plan or contact Docusign
Support.
