---
title: Account Profile
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=lva1583277327185.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:23Z'
---

# Account Profile

Read about administrators can update and maintain an account name and address of record
in the Account Profile.

The Account Profile allows you to update and maintain your account name and address of
record.

In addition to the account name, your account users can set a unique company name. This is a
unique value for their Docusign user ID. The company name displays on the
user's ID Card and is shown to other Docusign users, depending on their
Privacy Settings.

## EXAMPLE: Company and Account Names

If you work in a small business, you'll likely use the same value for both names. For
example, your company name and account name would both be "Express Tire & Automotive".

What if you work for a large, global corporation? The account is owned by a corporate
parent company, and there are some users who work for a subsidiary. In this case, your
account name might be "Hargrave International, Inc." and the company name is that of your
subsidiary, "Western Supplies, Inc."

Administrators are able to create a custom message that is displayed within the eSignature
sending experience. This message can be used to relay important announcements or other
information to your users.

You can also add contact information for an administrator on the account. This information
will help senders answer account questions by putting them in touch with a selected
administrator, an IT help desk, or another internal resource that supports Docusign for your
company.
