---
title: Enable Comments on Envelopes
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=lvx1583277454347.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:34Z'
---

# Enable Comments on Envelopes

Learn how account administrators specify whether envelopes can include comments from
users of an account. Comments help facilitate transactions by allowing users to resolve
questions about documents during the signing process. Administrators can also allow senders to
enable or disable comments by overriding the setting.

As an account administrator, you can enable users of an
account, both senders and recipients, to comment on envelopes. You can also allow senders to
override the settings to either allow or disable comments on envelopes.

1. From the Accounts view, select
   Comments.
2. Select Enable comments in envelopes sent from this
   account.
3. (Optional) Select Allow senders to override to enable senders to
   enable and disable comments for an envelope through the Advanced
   Options.
4. (Optional) Clear Include comment text in email notifications when a comment
   is posted. This option is enabled by default and allows comments and replies
   to be included in email notifications for individual users.
5. Select Save.

Comments can be posted by senders and recipients of
envelopes, unless the option is selected to allow senders to override the setting. If a sender
overrides the setting to allow comments on an envelope, users cannot comment on it.
