---
title: Prevent Access to Personal Docusign Accounts
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=mee1606866850692.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:38Z'
---

# Prevent Access to Personal Docusign Accounts

Read about how organization administrators can prevent their users from accessing
personal Docusign accounts at work.

As an IT organization, you may have the requirement that employees should not have access to
personal Docusign accounts at work. Typically, organizations use a
proxy server to block URLs of web services employees shouldn't access at work.

Unfortunately, this doesn’t work for SaaS services, especially when the same web service
is being used as an enterprise application within the organization. Blocking a URL may
mean that certain Docusign properties won't function properly or users
may not be able to access the application, even with a legitimate work account.

Docusign allows you to have your proxy server send a hint to Docusign using an HTTP header to indicate what a user can access from
this network. The solution is hard to circumvent but still allows access for legitimate,
professional use of the product.

You might need to work with your IT team to complete the following process:

1. Set up a proxy server to ensure that all outbound traffic to access Docusign is routed through this proxy.
2. Enable SSL interception at the proxy. Since the proxy will be intercepting SSL requests,
   configure your employees’ devices to trust your SSL proxy. This means deploying the
   Internal Root Certificate Authority used by the proxy and marking it as trusted.
   Failure to do so may cause some browsers to not load the page or display an error.
3. Enable the proxy to intercept each HTTP request and insert a special header. The
   content of the HTTP request does not need to be modified.

**X-Docusign-Allow-Organization Header**

The header to be injected will use this format:

```
|  |  |
| --- | --- |
|  | X-Docusign-Allow-Organization: <organization id> |
```

This allows users to log into Docusign with an email address on a domain claimed by the
organization.

Note: For more information about the domain claim process, see
[Domains](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jub1589318086105.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators claim a domain for an organization and manage all users for that domain.").

You might need to include a proxy policy to overwrite/replace/drop this header if an end-user
tries to specify this header themselves. This prevents a user from circumventing your
proxy rules.

If the user tries to log in with an email address that does not belong to the
organization, then they will see an error on the Docusign login page indicating that
their network administrator has blocked access to personal Docusign accounts.

**Example Configuration**

These sample values represent your organization ID in the production or demo
environments.

Note: To find your organization ID in Docusign
Admin, open the Features page and select  Organization Details.
The ID differs between production and demo. Make sure to locate both IDs if you intend
to allow users to access both environments.

Table 1.

| Environment | Example Organization ID |
| --- | --- |
| Demo | 28abc869-df2d-4abc-b64d-573111abcd06 |
| Production | 39zyx869-df2d-4zyx-b64d-573111wzyx06 |

The proxy would include both values for demo and production so that all environments are
covered.

For example, this is what header the proxy would include on all requests to Docusign.com
or Docusign.net:

```
|  |  |
| --- | --- |
|  | X-Docusign-Allow-Organization: 28abc869-df2d-4abc-b64d-573111abcd06,39zyx869-df2d-4zyx-b64d-573111wzyx06 |
```
