---
title: Permission Profile Options
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=mfo1583277360424.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:28Z'
---

# Permission Profile Options

Read about the administrator and user permissions that administrators use to define the actions available to account users that are assigned to the Permission Profile.

These options set the behavior and actions available for all account users assigned to the Permission Profile.

Note: The information in this topic covers all the settings available in Docusign. Some advanced features and options are supported only in certain Docusign plans. Your account plan might not support some options discussed in this topic. For more information about which options are available for your account, check your account plan or contact Docusign Support.

Administrator Permissions

- None: When selected, users will have no access to administrator permissions.
- Allow All: When selected, users with this permission have access to the Administration view for the account and can manage account settings, users and groups, signing and sending settings, and integrations. This option is automatically selected for the DS Admin permission profile.
- Allow Some: When selected, you determine the level of administrator access to provide users. You can enable or disable individual administrative features. For more information, see [Delegated Permissions](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=gih1583277347533.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how account administrators assign limited administrator capabilities through the Delegated Administration functionality.").

User Permissions

- Allow user to send envelopes: When selected, the user can send envelopes.
- Agreement Manager Permissions: By default, users can only access their own shared, received, sent, and uploaded agreements. For information about applying Agreement Manager permissions at the user level, see the [Agreement Manager Permissions, Profiles, and Roles](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=eut1712157553977.html&_LANG=enus) topic.
  - View all agreements in this account: When selected, this permission gives access to users to view and download all agreements in the account.
  - Organize and manage all agreements: When selected, this permission authorizes users or groups to view, edit, download, and delete all agreements in the account. This permission also grants access to manage agreement sets and attributes, including agreement types and fields. This is the highest level of access usually reserved for contact managers.
  - Upload up to 1,000 files at a time: When selected, this permission gives users access to bulk upload up to 1,000 files at a time, including from third-party cloud storage locations.
- Playbook Access: For information about applying Playbook permissions at the user level, see the [Set Playbook Permissions for the AI-Assisted Review Add-in](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mapfd7284e6-b699-4527-8651-a133914111fd&topicId=tsk8b028ec5-3d65-45a6-aec6-6b3540565b75.html&_LANG=enus) topic.
  - None: Cannot use AI-Assisted Review features.
  - Can View Playbooks: When selected, this setting allows users to view and run playbooks and playbook rules. Users can use Ask, Modify, and Add capabilities.
  - Can Manage Playbooks: When selected, this setting allows users to create, view, edit, run, delete playbooks and playbook rules. Users can use Ask, Modify, and Add capabilities.
- Document Templates: This option sets the user’s document template usage and management rights. Document templates settings are for customers on IAM plans only. The options are:
  - None: This user cannot view, use, or manage document templates.
  - Use: This user can view and use document templates, but cannot edit them.
  - Manage: This user can create, edit, delete, replace, and use document templates.
- Templates: This option sets the user’s template usage and management rights. The options are:
  - None: This user cannot use, create, or share templates.
  - Use: This user can use templates created and shared by other users, but the user cannot create or share templates.
  - Create: This user can create and use templates, but the user cannot share templates.
  - Share: This user can use, create, and share templates.
- PowerForms: This option sets the PowerForms access for a user. The options are:
  - None: The user cannot use PowerForms.
  - Standard User: The user can send PowerForms.
  - Administrator: The user can create, manage, and download PowerForms. With this option, you can select a secondary setting named View envelopes and form data from other PowerForms senders. Shared access also required. If selected, the PowerForm administrator is granted access to form data and envelopes from other PowerForm senders.
- Allow signer attachments: When selected, the user can add signer attachment fields while sending documents. The [Sending Setting](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bjh1583277352580.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use Sending Settings to set the default behavior for documents sent from an account.")  Enable signer attachment field option must be enabled to use this option.
- Allow recipient viewed notifications: When selected, an email is sent to a sender the first time a recipient opens an envelope.
- Allow sending to bulk list: When selected, the user can use the Bulk Send feature. The [Sending Setting](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bjh1583277352580.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use Sending Settings to set the default behavior for documents sent from an account.") Enable bulk recipients must also be enabled to use the feature. See [Bulk Send for Multiple Recipients](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=wtn1643071711000&topicId=kjz1578456386508.html&_LANG=enus) for more information about this feature.
- Allow language selection: When selected, the user can set the language used in the standard email format for a recipient when creating an envelope.

  Note: The account setting Enable custom email and language for each recipient must also be selected for this permission setting to be applied. See [Sending Setting](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bjh1583277352580.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use Sending Settings to set the default behavior for documents sent from an account.")  for more information.
- Disable document upload: When selected, the user cannot add files to the envelopes they send or correct. This restriction is applied to web app users only. It does not affect mobile app users or those using the API.
- Allow SMS delivery to recipients: When selected, users with this permission profile can choose to send signing notifications by SMS in addition to standard email notifications.
- Hide Actions menu: When selected, the Other Actions menu is not included in the Add Fields view, where the sender tags documents with fields for recipients to complete. This option restricts senders from accessing and changing other aspects of the envelope, including uploaded documents, recipient messages, and advanced options.
- Workflows: This option sets the Workflows access for a user. The options are:
  - None: Users cannot use or create workflows.
  - Use: Users can use workflows created and published by others.
  - Create: Users can create and manage their own workflows.
- Web Forms: This option sets the Web Forms access for a user. The options are:
  - None: The user cannot use or create Web Forms.
  - Use: The user can use Web Forms created and published by others, but the user cannot create Web Forms.
  - Create: The user can access, build, manage, and use Web Forms.
- Address Book: With this permission setting, you can control each users' access to personal and shared contacts, and to the ability to share contacts with other account users. Users access and manage contacts through their Contacts list, located in My Preferences. Of the four settings, only Share allows a user to share their personal contacts. If a contact is shared, it is shared with all account users who have access to shared contacts.
  - Use Personal Only: The user can create and use only personal contacts in their Contacts list. Signing groups are included in the personal contacts for users with this setting.
  - Use Shared Only: This user can use only the contacts shared by other account users. Signing groups are included in the shared contacts for users with this setting.
  - Use Personal and Shared: This user can create and use personal contacts, and can use any contacts shared by other account users and any signing groups.
  - Share: This user can create personal contacts, use any shared contacts, and share their contacts with other account users.

  Deliver self-signed email notifications by: This option selects the setting for how self-signed documents (documents sent using the Sign a Document option) are presented to the email recipients. This setting also affects self-signed documents sent from Docusign mobile applications. There are two possible selections:

  - Link: A secure link to the self-signed documents is included in the email. Email recipients select the link to be taken to the completed documents, where they can view and download the documents.
  - PDF: A PDF of the completed documents is attached to the email. Email recipients can view and download the attached documents.

  Allow view and manage envelope rights through API: When selected, the user can:

  - View, manage, and request the status of all envelopes for the account through the Docusign API.
  - Transfer envelope custody and set custody transfer rules if the user is also a Docusign organization administrator.
  - Send on behalf of other users through API if Allow send on behalf of other users through API is also enabled.

  Allow send on behalf of other users through API: When selected, the user can send envelopes for (on behalf of) other users through the Docusign API. The Allow view and manage envelope rights through API option must be enabled for the user to select this option.

  Note: ‘Send on behalf of’ only applies to applications which use Legacy Authentication. All new applications should use OAuth authentication and existing applications should be updated to use OAuth. For OAuth authentication, the ‘send on behalf of’ equivalent is to use the JSON Web Token (JWT) grant flow. For more information, see [JWT Grant Authentication](https://developers.docusign.com/platform/auth/jwt/).
- Allow supplemental documents: When selected, senders can send documents as supplements. For the possible recipient actions (must view, must accept, must read), the [signing settings](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=lue1583277359885.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use the Signing Settings to specify the default signing behavior for documents sent from an account.") for supplemental documents determines whether they are required by default.

  To allow senders to override the default behavior, select the appropriate Allow senders to override these signing settings options. With an override option selected, senders can change the relevant recipient action setting for any supplements they send. The override options are:
  - Signers must view supplemental documents
  - Signers must accept supplemental documents
  - Signers must read supplemental documents

  See the [Send Supplemental Documents](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=nfs1578456470024.html&_LANG=enus) topic for more information about using this feature.
