---
title: Authentication Settings
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=muh1583277327950.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:23Z'
---

# Authentication Settings

Read about how administrators configure account authentication requirements for
recipients.

These options set recipient authentication behavior for the account. These settings can be
very important, since your account might be charged for some authentication checks.

**Recipient Authentication Settings** This section determines if recipient authentication
is required, can be configured by the sender, or is disabled for the account. This
setting applies to Phone Authentication, SMS Authentication, and Knowledge-Based
ID checks. There are three possible selections:

- **Any recipient must authenticate on every envelope sent from this account**
  An authentication check is required and the sender must apply one of the
  authentication methods to each new envelope they send. This setting applies to
  Phone Authentication, SMS Authentication, and Knowledge-Based ID checks.
- **The sender can require a recipient must authenticate on any envelope sent
  from this account** Authentication is configurable, allowing the sender to
  select one of the authentication methods as needed. This setting applies to Phone
  Authentication, SMS Authentication, Knowledge-Based ID, and Access Code checks.
- **Disable recipient authentication for this account** The sender cannot apply
  Phone Authentication, SMS Authentication, or Knowledge-Based ID checks to access
  documents.

**Recipient Authentication Triggers** This section controls how often recipient
authentication is required for recipients. This setting applies to Phone Authentication,
SMS Authentication, Knowledge-Based ID, and Access Code checks. The available settings
are as follows:

- **The first time a recipient accesses an envelope per device** The
  recipient must pass the authentication check the first time that they access an
  envelope on a given device.

  With this setting, recipients are not asked to authenticate again when they access the envelope from the same browser, on the same device. If the recipient attempts to access the envelope from a different browser or a different device, the recipient must pass authentication again. Once authenticated, that recipient is not challenged again on the new device or browser.

  When using Access Codes with this setting, the recipient is not
  prompted to authenticate again after the first time, even if using a different
  device.

  - **Completed envelopes are accessible without additional authentication**
    This setting offers the option to reduce the authentication burden for
    completed envelopes. When selected, it allows authentication from signing to
    persist. The recipient does not need to re-authenticate when accessing a
    completed envelope, regardless of the device or browser they use.

    Note: To enable the Completed envelopes are
    accessible without additional authentication option,
    your Docusign representative must enable the plan item
    that skips authentication for completed envelopes.
- **Every time a recipient accesses an envelope** The recipient must pass the
  authentication check each time that they try to access the envelope. However, this
  option can be modified by setting a time for the Recipient Authentication Skip
  Option. Additionally, In-Person Signers who opted to have completed documents emailed are exempt from Access Code requirements.

**Recipient Authentication Skip Option**. This option determines if recipients that have recently passed authentication can skip authentication. This setting only applies to Phone Authentication, SMS Authentication, and Knowledge-Based ID checks. There are two possible settings:

- **Recipients cannot skip authentication when accessing subsequent envelopes from the same sender** When this option is selected, the recipient is always required to pass authentication to access envelopes.
- **Recipients can skip authentication when accessing subsequent envelopes from the same sender when using the same browser, on a device, for the following duration:** When this option is selected, administrators can set the length of time that recipients are allowed to skip authentication checks when the recipient recently passed authentication. The amount of time can be set in minutes, hours, or days.

Note: Docusign has set up an early access program to
test Phone Authentication persistence across all envelopes sent by the same sender
within an account. This feature is available to selected accounts only and will be
available to all customers in a future release. Enabling Phone Authentication
persistence requires that the verification frequency settings in your Phone
Authentication configuration align with the account-level authentication settings. The
following table describes the required settings for both the account-level
authentication settings and the Phone Authentication configuration. Only customers in
the early access program must comply with those settings. For more information about
Phone Authentication configuration, read the [Add Identity Verification Configurations for Phone Authentication](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jwu1731890669598.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to create identity verification configurations that use the Docusign ID Verification for Phone Authentication verification method") help page.

Table 1. Required settings for Phone Authentication

| If you select this account-level authentication setting… | Ensure you configure Phone Authentication as follows… |
| --- | --- |
| Every time a recipient accesses an envelope | Select Every access |
| - Every time a recipient accesses an   envelope - Completed envelopes are accessible without   additional authentication | Select Every access until role is completed |
| The first time a recipient accesses an envelope per device | Select Once |
| Recipients can skip authentication when accessing subsequent envelopes from the same sender when using the same browser, on a device, for the following duration: | Select Once |

**Login Requirements:** This option sets account and log in requirements for recipients. There are four possible selections:

- **Not Required to Login:** The recipient is not required to log on to the system. If the recipient has a Docusign account, they can sign their document from the email link without logging on.
- **Login Required if Signer Has an Account:** If the recipient has a Docusign account,
  they must log on to their Docusign account to open the document.
- **Account Required – Login Once Per Session:** The sender cannot send documents to anyone who does not have a Docusign account and the recipient must log on to their Docusign account to open the document.
- **Account Required – Login for Each New Document:** The sender cannot send documents to anyone who does not have a Docusign account and the recipient must log on to their Docusign account to open each document.
