---
title: User Bulk Actions
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=mxm1583277431469.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:26Z'
---

# User Bulk Actions

Read about how administrators add or update multiple users simultaneously through the
Bulk Add and Bulk Update options. To perform
bulk actions, administrators upload comma-separated value (CSV) files that contain updates or
new user information.

As an administrator, you can add or update multiple users simultaneously through the
Bulk Add and Bulk Update options. To perform
bulk actions, you upload a comma-separated value (CSV) file that contains the user
information.

The following considerations apply to bulk actions:

- You can perform only one type of bulk action in each CSV file upload. Therefore, you must
  use separate bulk actions to add and update users. If your CSV file contains both new and
  existing users, existing users are skipped and not updated.
- A CSV file upload is limited to 2,000 users. To add or update more than 2,000 users,
  divide them between CSV files.
- When working with CSV files for bulk actions, only UTF-8 encoding is supported.
- If copying data from another CSV file, always use Paste Special > Values when adding the data to a CSV file.
- All Docusign account administrators, including delegated administrators,
  can use bulk actions to add or update users. If you are an account administrator with
  delegated administration rights for users and groups only, you can perform bulk actions only
  for non-administrative users. For example, you cannot add a new user with a permission
  profile that includes any level of account administrative rights, and you cannot assign
  administrative rights to a user.

  Note: In account settings, you can add
  groups to a user through the bulk actions option, but you cannot remove groups from a user
  through the bulk actions option.
- Only users with an active or pending account membership can be updated through bulk
  actions.
- Account administrators cannot use bulk actions to change user email addresses for
  existing Docusign memberships. To update a user email address, ask the
  user to follow the steps in [Change Your Email Address](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=jux1643235969954&topicId=sdb1578456444133.html&_LANG=enus).

  A Docusign administrator can use bulk actions to update user email addresses for domain
  users. For more information, see [Bulk Update Users](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jwk1593209395373.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how organization administrators can bulk update existing users in one or more accounts.").
