---
title: Risk-Based Verification Configuration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=njf1750155136303.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Risk-Based Verification Configuration

Learn about Risk-Based Verification (RBV) and how you can configure it.

Risk-Based Verification selects the identity verification relevant for each recipient based on a real-time risk assessment. The real-time assessment analyzes recipients’ data and deduces a risk level that determines the identity verification method to apply. If the results indicate a low risk, recipients only need to identify using simplified verification methods, such as Phone Authentication. Conversely, high-risk score recipients must comply with advanced verification methods like liveness detection. Docusign works with a trusted partner (Socure) to perform risk checks. This partnership improves the security and simplicity of identity verification.

Important: Risk-Based Verification is only available to Docusign accounts hosted in the United-States.

## Risk-Based Verification configuration

Identity Verification provides a default configuration for risk-based verification that meets the most common verification requirements. However, you can also create your configuration with customized parameters.

Risk-based verification configurations include the following parameters:

- Name and description
- Risk assessment
- Risk thresholds
- Stored data

## Name and description

The name you give to your configuration is the name that appears to senders when they select an identity verification method for their envelope recipients.

The system does not translate the name and description. Senders see the text in its original language.

For more information about selecting an identity verification method for a recipient,
read the [To Add ID Verification for a Recipient](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=whh1578456529441.html&_LANG=enus) page.

## Risk assessment

The Risk assessment section shows recipients data that the trusted partner (Socure) analyzes to determine the appropriate risk level. The trusted partner has identified a set of signals that can either increase or decrease a participant’s risk score. For example, an email domain listed as high-risk can increase the risk score. Docusign administrators cannot change the risk assessment parameters.

## Risk thresholds

The Risk thresholds section shows the risk profiles assigned to each recipient based on their risk score. Each profile determines the identity verification method that will apply to its recipients. You can keep the ID Verification default methods. You can also customize the methods associated with each profile based on your specific security requirements and risk tolerance.

Risk-Based Verification configurations include the following risk profiles:

- Low risk. ID Verification automatically assigns low-risk profiles to low-friction identity verification methods, such as the default Phone Authentication method.
- Medium risk. By default, ID Verification requires that participants from the medium-risk category complete the Knowledge-based authentication method.
- High risk. ID Verification consider these participants to be high risk, and potentially fraudulent. By default, it requires them to verify their identity using the ID Verification with Liveness method.

## Rejection criteria

The Rejection Recipients section lists the triggers that you can activate to block recipients in the identity verification process. ID Verification provides the following criteria:

- Almost certain probability of fraud. Enable this option to deny access to recipients identified as likely fraudsters based on data analysis.
- Date of birth indicates COPPA review. Activating this option will automatically block recipients identified as under 13 years of age through data analysis.
- Email or IP address in sanctioned country. The trusted partner tracks any email address from a country listed in the OFAC (Office of Foreign Assets Control) database. Activate this option to block recipients with such email addresses.
- Social Security Number has been reported as deceased. Enable this option to deny access to recipients using obsolete social security numbers.
- Global Watchlist Screening. The trusted partner checks if recipients are on the following watchlists:
  - AML (Anti-Money Laundering) list
  - OFAC list

  If this option is activated, ID Verification denies access to all recipients listed on the AML or the OFAC list. However, recipients on the PEP or Adverse Media lists but not on the AML or OFAC lists can still verify their identity.

By default, ID Verification activates all the available block criteria.

## Stored data

The Stored data section includes the data that ID Evidence can capture and store during the identity verification. The Risk assessment inputs tab allows you to log the data recipients provide to the trusted partner to assess their risk level. You can customize the recorded data and save information such as the address, the phone number, or the last four digits of the recipients’ social security number. Additional tabs may appear depending on the identity verification methods associated with each risk profile. For example, if you assigned the Knowledge-based authentication method to a risk profile, ID Verification displays a Knowledge-Based Authentication tab. From this tab, you can select the Knowledge-based authentication data to record, such as the address provided by the recipient or their final score on the questionnaire.
