---
title: Docusign Single Sign-On Overview
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=njp1583359138365.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:38Z'
---

# Docusign Single Sign-On Overview

Read about how Docusign administrators can set up SSO at a global level to manage users in all their Docusign accounts.

Note: This guide is for Docusign organization administrators. This feature is only available with the Access Management with SSO add-on. Single Sign-On requires an organization in Docusign Admin..

With Single Sign-On (SSO), you can provision new users and enforce secure access management across all your corporate applications. SSO, also known as Federation, simplifies and secures user login with just one password for all your SSO-enabled applications. With Docusign Admin, you can set up and manage SSO at a global level to control all your Docusign accounts.

SSO enables your company to manage access to Docusign through an Identity Provider, such as Okta, Azure, Active Directory Federation Services, and OneLogin. With SSO, Docusign users must use the Company Log In option. When they enter their domain email address, authentication is handled by an Identity Provider (IdP).

Docusign Admin allows an administrator to manage users on their company's email domains. For example, suppose that every user at a company has an email address at the domain @myorganization.com. By proving ownership of myorganization.com, an administrator can manage the identity for Docusign users on that email domain. For example, a company can enable a security policy in a Docusign organization to require all users with their email address to authenticate with the corporate Identity Provider.

For more information about best practices and procedural guidelines, read the [Identify and Manage Your Company's External Docusign Accounts](https://dsucustomers.docusign.com/km-guide-identify-manage-your-companys-external-docusign-accounts) whitepaper.
