---
title: Add Identity Verification Configurations for Japanese IDs
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=nyk1742475721499.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Add Identity Verification Configurations for Japanese IDs

Learn how to add identity verification configurations for Japanese IDs.

## Before you begin

To add identity verification configuration for Japanese IDs,
you must respect the following requirements:

- Your account must subscribe to the ID Verification or ID Verification Premier
  packages.
- Your account must be located in Japan, which means the account is provisioned in
  the JP1 data center.

As an administrator, you must add an ID Verification configuration that supports Japanese IDs
to use as a part of your overall effort to comply with KYC (Know Your Customer) and
AML (Anti-money Laundering) regulations.

Docusign ID Verification with Japanese IDs is a configuration
for Japanese users to verify their identity with local KYC (Know Your Customer) and
AML (Anti-Money Laundering) regulations in mind. It uses image-processing technology
and biometric authentication to verify the identity automatically. This way,
Japanese users can quickly identify as part of an eKYC-compliant digital contracting
process.

Important: We recommend that you consult with your
legal and compliance teams to assess what may be required for eKYC compliance
specific to your organization.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity Verification.
2. Select Add Verification.

   The Add Configuration screen opens.
3. Select ID Verification with Japanese IDs
4. Select Next

   The Add ID Verification with Japanese IDs screen
   opens.
5. Enter a name for the configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   Note: The system does not translate the name and
   description. Senders see the text in its original language.
6. Select the maximum number of verification attempts.

   This number represents how often recipients can attempt to verify before the
   envelope is locked. By default, ID Verification locks the envelope when
   recipients are unsuccessful in verifying their identity. Recipients must contact
   the sender to unlock the envelope.
7. Select how often recipients must verify when accessing an envelope.

   - Every access: recipients must identify every time
     they access an envelope.
   - Every access until role is completed: recipients
     must identify until they sign the envelope’s documents.
   - Once: recipients must only identify once,
     regardless of whether the result was pass or not pass.
8. (Optional) Select the type of IDs you want to accept in the dropdown
   menu.
9. (Optional) Select the additional data that you want ID Evidence to store for
   each ID verification.

   If you choose to store the selfie image in ID Evidence, the image remains
   available for only 90 days after verification. After 90 days, ID Evidence
   removes the access to the selfie from the proof file. Senders can no longer
   download the selfie.

   Also, if you choose to save the front and back side
   images of ID documents, ID Evidence stores both images except for Individual
   Number Card. In this case, ID Evidence only saves the front image for
   privacy reasons.

   Note: ID Verification can only
   store the data you check if it is available in the ID document the signer
   selected for verification. For example, if you check the box for Height
   data, but the ID does not include Height, we cannot store it.
10. Select Add.

    The configuration displays in the configurations list and is available
    for senders.
