---
title: Permission Profiles
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pof1583277362435.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:27Z'
---

# Permission Profiles

Read about how administrators use permission profiles to manage levels of access for a
number of users. Permission profiles are sets of permissions that administrators assign to
individual users. By managing the permission profiles, administrators can make changes to
multiple users simultaneously.

A permission profile is a group of settings that determines the behavior and actions
available for a user. Administrators assign a permission profile to a user when the user is
added to an account.

Permission profiles make it easier to manage permission settings for a large number of users.
Administrators can modify the profile settings, which are applied to all users with that
profile, instead of changing permission settings for each user individually.

Docusign eSignature account administration includes three default
permission profiles:

- DS Admin: can access all eSignature features and can manage all account settings and users
  for an account.
- DS Sender: can access to basic eSignature features. No administrator access. DS Senders
  can only send envelopes and use templates and PowerForms. They cannot use bulk send, create
  templates, or manage envelopes through the API.
- DS Viewer: can view and sign envelopes in eSignature. No access to sending envelopes.

Although you cannot modify or delete the default permission profiles, you can copy them to use as
templates for other permission profiles.

Note: If your account includes the Advanced
Administration module, you can use the delegated administration options to create permission
profiles that have limited administrator capabilities.
