---
title: Electronic Seal Administration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=psr1715011261710.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:29Z'
---

# Electronic Seal Administration

Read about electronic seal administration and delegation of seals to other
users.

Electronic seals allow signers to digitally seal documents with their signatures.
Electronic seals are applied on behalf of legal persons. The legal person seal is
applied on behalf of an individual who is sealing organizational documents with an
individual seal as part of their individual role within the organization. For example, a
VP of Sales applies an individual seal representing them as an individual to the
official organizational documents. Users can add electronic seals to documents if this
feature is enabled in the account and they have the required permissions. Read more
about using [Electronic Seals](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xcm1643837555908&topicId=isl1578456577247.html&_LANG=enus).

The administrator can delegate the use of an electronic seal to other users in the
Docusign account. This includes the ability to delegate basic
seals to users who are authorized to use them on the basis of their relationship to the
organization, but also delegate legal person seals to people who are not associated with
the seal. The administrator can delegate a legal person seal associated with User A to
be used by User B. The user associated with the seal (User A) and the account
administrator both receive a Docusign envelope that the administrator
is authorized to delegate the seal to another user or group in the Docusign account. If User A does not want the administrator to
delegate their legal person seal to User B, User A would need to contact the
administrator to remove the permissions.

Administrators can use groups to manage who can use the seal. The administrator is
responsible for creating a group that includes the seal owner and any delegated users
and linking this group to the seal. The administrator is responsible for preventing
unauthorized account members from using the seal.

A detailed audit trail is maintained for compliance purposes. The audit logs
capture every action related to seal delegation including the seal name, the group, the
user making changes, and the event date.

For more information about managing groups, see the [Groups](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=cuv1583277363488.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how account administrators use groups to organize users into functional units for template sharing and other functions.") topic.
