---
title: Add Identity Verification Configurations for EU Qualified Electronic Signatures
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pyx1678128186236.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:34Z'
---

# Add Identity Verification Configurations for EU Qualified Electronic Signatures

Learn how to create identity verification configurations that use the Docusign ID Verification for EU Qualified verification method.

## Before you begin

To add an identity verification configuration for qualified electronic signatures (QES), your account plan must include ID Verification Premier. For more information, contact your Docusign representative.

You are an administrator responsible for configuring an identity verification process compliant with the European qualified electronic signature (eIDAS) regulation. This topic shows you how to add such a configuration and customize it with your organization's requirements.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity
   Verification.

   The Identity Verification screen
   opens.
2. Select Add Configuration.

   The Add Configuration screen opens.
3. Choose ID Verification for EU Qualified and select
   Next.

   Note: With this ID verification method, the signature type
   is set to IDV - DS EU Qualified. You cannot edit it.

   The Add ID Verification for EU Qualifed page
   opens.
4. Enter a name for your configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   Note: You cannot translate the name and description of a configuration. Senders see the text in the language that the administrator wrote it.
5. Select the maximum number of verification attempts.

   This number represents how many times recipients can attempt to verify before
   the envelope is locked. If recipients are unsuccessful in verifying their
   identity, ID Verification locks the envelope. Users must contact the sender
   to unlock it.
6. (Optional) Configure protection for completed agreements.
   Select Recipient always verify to ask recipients to authenticate when they attempt to access an already signed document.

   For more information, read the [ID Verification for EU Qualified Configuration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=con1b98f947-485d-4855-b66f-97000e633a3a.html&_LANG=enus "Read about Docusign ID Verification for EU Qualified configurations and how administrators can customize it to meet their organization’s needs.") page.

   Note: If you select the Recipient always verify option, consider allowing recipients to use their Identity Wallet to streamline verification. Go to step [8](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pyx1678128186236.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=pyx1678128186236__step_w0ab1b7b3c15_w1ab1b7b3_w2ab1b7_w3ab1) to configure the Identity Wallet options.
7. (Optional) In the Stored data from IDs section, select additional data from the ID document that you want ID Evidence
   to store. For example, you can store image captures, personal information, or document details.

   You can view a list of the data that is stored by default.
8. Choose your settings for the Docusign Identity Wallet:

   Note: If you selected the Recipient always verify option on step [6](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pyx1678128186236.html&_LANG=enus&anchor=pyx1678128186236__sms_reauth_option), consider allowing recipients to use their Identity Wallet to streamline verification.

   - Select Recipients can create or update a Docusign Identity
     Wallet to allow recipients to create or update their
     Identity Wallet.
   - Select Recipients can use their Docusign Identity
     Wallet to allow recipients to identify using their
     identity wallet.
9. Select Add.

The configuration appears in the configurations list and is
available for senders.
