---
title: Regional Signature Validators and the Docusign Seal
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=qgz1713823940160.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:30Z'
---

# Regional Signature Validators and the Docusign Seal

Read about the Docusign seals that show on every envelope you download and that you can
turn off to respect some local regulations.

## What is the Docusign seal?

Docusign places a tamper-evident digital seal on all envelopes signed on the
Docusign Signature Service.

The Docusign seal is placed on all envelopes when they are downloaded by any sender
or signer.

The Docusign seal helps to ensure that envelopes are not altered after they have
been signed. Docusign has developed a feature that allows
customers to disable the Docusign seal for envelopes that are signed using an
Advanced, Qualified, or any other x509 certificate.

## Why might it be a challenge for regional validators?

In some regions around the world, local regulations and policies require the digital
certificate to meet their country-specific standards. In some instances, the
Docusign seal does not meet these requirements or is not a listed and approved
certificate type. As a result, customers in these regions who use [local validators](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xcm1643837555908&topicId=lzc1652878457364.html&_LANG=enus) will not have their documents approved while the Docusign seal is affixed to their documents. For documents in these regions to be validated by the local validators, they must contain a digital signature or digital seal rather than just electronic signatures.

## How does it work?

The option to enable the removal of the Docusign seal is under the responsibility of the
account administrator.

After enabling the option, Docusign will not apply the Docusign seal as long
as the last operation in the document is a digital signature.

Important: You and your users should be aware that by
removing the Docusign seal, the signed document will not contain the Envelope ID
associated to the Docusign seal signature.

## Why must the last operation be a digital signature?

Docusign is always looking to create a safe and secure signature process
while enabling our customers to conduct business in the global marketplace. Requiring the last operation in the document is digital signature ensures that the
document is in its final form, is secure, and the signature is affixed and encrypted
in the final form in which it appears. This permits the digital signature to act
similarly to the Docusign seal to assure the customer that the document is
tamper-proofed in its final format.

## What if my last operation is not a digital signature?

In that case, Docusign will enforce its Docusign seal to the
envelope upon download.
