---
title: Custom Fields for Envelopes
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=qor1583277385137.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:34Z'
---

# Custom Fields for Envelopes

Read about how account administrators use custom fields in envelopes to classify,
record, and track information about documents. Custom fields are not visible to
recipients.

Envelope custom fields are used to classify, record, and track information about envelopes
sent for signature. The sender enters field values when preparing an envelope. Envelope custom
fields and their values are not shown to recipients during signing. However, the fields and
their values can be seen in the Certificate of Completion by all with access to it.
Certificate of Completion access can be disabled for your account. Contact Docusign Support for more information.

The values for an envelope custom field can be free-text entries, or selected from a list of
possible values. Envelope custom fields can be required or optional. Values are entered or
selected when envelopes are created.

Note: Envelope custom fields apply only to envelopes sent for signature. They are
not applicable for documents signed using the Sign a Document feature.

As a Docusign account administrator, you can use the Envelope Custom Fields
view to manage the envelope custom fields for your account.

Note: Changes to Envelope Custom Fields are captured in your account audit
log.
