---
title: Transfer Ownership of Envelopes and Templates Between Users
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=qsr1583277446998.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:32Z'
---

# Transfer Ownership of Envelopes and Templates Between Users

Learn how account administrators use Custody Transfer to transfer envelopes and templates
from one user to another.

As an account administrator, you can transfer envelopes and
templates from one user to another by using Custody Transfer.

1. From the Accounts view, select Custody
   Transfer.
2. Select Transfer Envelope or Transfer
   Template.

   All corresponding items in your account for the last three months are listed. Use
   Filter to change the list of items shown by specifying a
   different date range or other criteria, such as the template owner or envelope
   sender.
3. Select the check box for the envelopes or templates that you want to transfer, and
   select Transfer Now.
4. Select the user that the items are being transferred to. Enter a user name or email
   address, and press Enter to view names that match the search
   criteria you entered. Select the name that you want, and select
   Transfer.
5. Select Confirm to confirm the transfer.

The job is placed in a queue for processing and listed in the
Bulk Actions log. This log shows a list of bulk actions for your account and the progress of
the actions. After the job is completed, the transferred items are moved to the new owner's
account.
