---
title: Add Signing Groups
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=rdu1583277368001.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:29Z'
---

# Add Signing Groups

Learn how administrators create signing groups and optionally set up alternate email
addresses.

As an administrator, you can create signing groups and
optionally set up alternate email addresses.

1. From the Accounts view, select Signing
   Groups.
2. Select Add Signing Group.

   Tip: You can use the
   Copy option in the Actions dropdown to create a copy of an
   existing group and then modify the members as needed using the following steps.
3. Enter a name for the new signing group. The name must be unique for all signing groups in the account.
4. Select Save.
5. Locate the signing group that you created by searching or viewing the list.
6. Select Actions > Assign Users.
7. Locate the account users that you want to add by searching or viewing the list of all
   users.
8. Select the checkboxes next to the account users that you want to add to the Selected
   list.

   You can add up to 200 users in a signing group.
9. To add a signing group member who is not part of your account:

   1. Select Add User Manually.
   2. Complete the Name and Email fields.
   3. Select Add to add the member to the group's Selected list.
10. (Optional) To have all email notifications sent to a single email address, select the
    Use an alternate email address for notifications sent to this signing
    group option and enter the email address in the Email Address field. The
    signing group members will not receive notifications at their respective email addresses,
    but they can access the envelope from within their Docusign account. Or, if they have
    access to the group email, they can use the link in the group email notification.
11. Select Assign.

The assigned users are saved as members of the signing group.
The signing group is available to all members of the account.
