---
title: Set Document Retention Periods
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=slx1583277403913.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:32Z'
---

# Set Document Retention Periods

Learn how administrators modify the document retention policy. Administrators can specify
the number of days that documents are retained. They can also specify whether fields and
personally identifiable information are removed or redacted when documents are
purged.

As an administrator you can modify the document retention
policy. For example, you can specify the number of days that documents are retained. You can
also specify how personally identifiable information is treated when documents are
purged.

1. From the Accounts view, select Document
   Retention.
2. Select Enable document retention policy.
3. In the Keep for this many days field, enter the number of days
   you want to keep documents before sending them to the purge queue. For all envelopes sent
   from your account, the documents from each completed, voided, or declined envelope will be
   moved at the end of the retention period to a [purge queue](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=oeq1643226594604&topicId=rlk1578456343945.html&_LANG=enus) (14 days under normal queue processing conditions), and then permanently removed from the system. The time is measured from the date that the envelope is completed, voided, or declined and is completed during overnight processing.

   Values: 1-9999

   Note: When you activate or change a retention policy, affected envelopes are added
   to the purge queue within 24 hours, under normal queue processing conditions. The policy
   is applied to all completed, voided, or declined envelopes in your
   account.
4. (Optional) If necessary, select Remove fields and metadata and Redact personally identifiable information.

   - When **Remove fields and metadata** is selected, Docusign deletes the envelope
     documents as well as any fields that were added to the documents and any API
     attachments that were added to the envelope from the system.
   - When **Redact personally identifiable information** is selected, Docusign redacts all personally identifiable information from the
     envelope, certificate of completion, and history. Fields that store personal data,
     such as name, physical address, email, and IP address, are replaced with the text
     “Redacted”. Time stamps for when actions took place are left intact, but you won’t be
     able to identify the person who took that action.

     Note: The
     process of redacting personal data cannot be undone. Each individual’s personal
     information on an envelope will be redacted from the envelope, rendering the audit
     log and certificate of completion untraceable.
   - If these options are not selected, when envelopes are purged, Docusign deletes only the envelope documents from the system.
5. Select Save.

   Document retention is set to remove your completed, voided, or declined documents from
   the Docusign system after the specified retention period and subsequent
   [purge queue](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=oeq1643226594604&topicId=rlk1578456343945.html&_LANG=enus).

   Note: To disable the policy,
   clear the Enable document retention policy checkbox and select
   Save. Disabling an existing policy will remove any envelopes
   currently in the purge queue.
