---
title: Options for Envelope Recipients
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=tfs1583277354215.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:30Z'
---

# Options for Envelope Recipients

Read about the settings that administrators use to define the actions required for
recipients of envelopes. For example, administrators can specify whether a reason is
required when users decline to sign and specify the types of devices that can be used for
signing.

These settings provide options and actions related to envelope recipients.

- Require a reason when a recipient declines to sign: When
  selected, this option requires signers to provide a reason why they are declining to
  sign a document.
- Allow recipients to sign on paper: When selected, signers
  are allowed to choose to sign on paper instead of signing electronically. This
  setting controls the initial setting for templates and for envelopes that are not
  created from templates. If an envelope is created from a template, the template’s
  Allow recipients to sign on paper setting is used for the
  envelope. This account setting does not control envelopes created through the
  eSignature API.
- Allow senders to override sign on paper: When selected,
  allows senders to override the sign on paper setting when sending envelopes. See
  [Set Advanced Document Options](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=tfm1578456367923.html&_LANG=enus) for more information about the sign on paper option.
- Allow recipients to sign on a mobile device: When
  selected, signers can use a mobile device to sign documents.
- Allow recipients to change signing responsibility: When
  selected, the signer can change the signing responsibility to another person or have
  the envelope signed by a delegate.
- Allow senders to override change signing responsibility: When
  selected, allows senders to override the change signing responsibility setting when
  sending envelopes. See [Set Advanced
  Document Options](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=tfm1578456367923.html&_LANG=enus) for more information about allowing recipients to change signing responsibility.
- Allow recipients to edit documents: When selected, a user
  can choose to allow signers to edit document information using the Document Markup
  option. See [Allow Signers to Negotiate Changes with Document Markup](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=hgz1578456364517.html&_LANG=enus) for more information.
- Allow recipients to create a Docusign account: When
  selected, this option allows recipients to create their own Docusign account after they have finished signing.
- Allow offline signing on a mobile device: When selected,
  this option allows users to create, send, and sign documents using the Docusign mobile applications while offline.
- Allow recipients to sign documents offline on a mobile
  device: When selected, documents that are signed with the Docusign mobile app using offline signing are synchronized with
  this account.

  Note: Offline
  signing is only currently available for Docusign for iOS.
- Ask for confirmation if recipients try to leave an active signing
  session: When selected, a prompt appears if signers try to exit the
  browser, change the URL, or reload the signing session page but have not completed
  their signing session.
- Remind recipients to finish the signing session after they fill in
  required fields: When selected, a slide-up bar notifies the signer
  that they must select Finish after completing all tabs in a signing session.
- Select the signature pad type used by your organization:
  This option is used to select the signature pad used with your account. See [Signature Pads](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=emp1638237872959.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the additional hardware and software that is required to use signature pads for signing. The signing process is different with various signature pads.") for more information about using a signature pad
  with Docusign.

  Select one of the following signature pad
  types:

  - None: This turns off the signature pad feature for
    your account.
  - Topaz: Enables your account to work with Topaz
    Systems, Inc™ signature pad devices.
  - ePad with IntegriSign: Enables your account to work
    with ePadLink ePad-ink with IntegriSign™ signature pad devices.
  - Topaz SigPlusExtLite: Enables your account to work
    with a Topaz Systems signature pad device with Chrome, Firefox, Opera, and
    Edge browsers. This selection requires installation of the SigPlusExtLite
    extension.
