---
title: View the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance read-only configuration
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=tskb0f0fbe1-8be0-4099-87a0-e2150c720000.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# View the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance read-only configuration

Learn how account administrators can view the parameters of the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance configuration.

## Before you begin

To view the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance configuration, your account plan must include ID Verification, ID Verification Premier, or IAM for CX. For more information, contact your Docusign representative.

Note: ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance is a read-only configuration. You cannot edit its parameters.

You are an administrator responsible for configuring an identity verification process compliant with the 23 NYCRR Part 500 cybersecurity regulation. You want to access the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance configuration to check that it fits your requirements. You may also want to review its parameters before you activate it.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity Verification.

   The Identity Verification screen opens.
2. Locate the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance configuration.
3. Select View in the Actions column.

   The View ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance page opens and
   shows the configuration settings. For more information about the available parameters,
   read the [ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance Configuration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=con427cc6d7-6044-4e8b-aaff-a2a09cbf69ae.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance configuration. This ID Verification configuration helps organizations to comply with the 23 NYCRR Part 500 cybersecurity regulation for U.S.-based recipients.") page.

   Note: You cannot edit the parameters of the
   ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance
   configuration.

## Next steps

Activate the ID Verification for NYCRR500 Compliance configuration. For more information, read the [Activate Identity Verification Configurations](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=ett1690403409655.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how account administrators activate identity verification configurations.") page.
