---
title: Add Identity Verification Configuration with CLEAR
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=tskf0815d30-802b-4c1e-aef1-6a34c1233f09.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Add Identity Verification Configuration with CLEAR

Learn how to add identity verification configurations supporting the CLEAR electronic ID

## Before you begin

You must have full account administrator or delegated permissions to enable CLEAR for your configuration. You must also have subscribed to the “ID Verification” or “ID Verification Premier” packages.

Note: CLEAR identity verification only applies to U.S. residents.

As an administrator, you must add an ID Verification configuration that supports the CLEAR electronic ID for U.S. residents.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity Verification.
2. Select Add Configuration.

   The Add Configuration screen opens.
3. Select one of the following methods:

   - ID Verification
   - ID Verification with Liveness

   For more information about those ID Verification methods, read the [Verification of Government-Issued IDs for Simple and Advanced Signatures](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=zty1578456548276.html&_LANG=enus) and the [Verification of Government-Issued IDs with Liveness Detection for Simple and Advanced Signatures](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=qwg1688383833351.html&_LANG=enus) pages.
4. Select Next.

   The Add ID Verification page opens.
5. Enter a name for the configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   The system does not translate the name and description. Senders see the text in its original language.
6. Select the maximum number of verification attempts.

   This number represents how often recipients can attempt to verify before the envelope is locked. By default, ID Verification locks the envelope when recipients are unsuccessful in verifying their identity. Recipients must contact the sender to unlock the envelope.
7. Select the level of variation for name acceptance standards.

   Use this setting to match the recipient's name with the name in the ID. You can choose one of the following variations:
   - Maximum variation: Accepts additional variations of middle names, suffixes, equivalent names, and tolerates minor typing mistakes. The Maximum variation option is the default selection. It is not compatible with the IDV - DS EU Advanced signature type.
   - Moderate variation: Authorizes additional variations of middle names and suffixes.
   - Minimal variation: Authorizes minor variations of first and last names only.

   Note: For more information about this setting, see the [ID Name Matching](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=rhb1657542911402.html&_LANG=enus) page.
8. Select how often recipients must verify when accessing an envelope.

   - Every access: recipients must identify themselves every time they access an envelope.
   - Every access until role is completed: recipients must identify themselves until they sign the envelope’s documents.
   - Once: recipients must only identify once.
9. Uncheck the Accept all recommended ID types, issuing countries, and regions option and select Manage.

   In the Americas tab, you can see that the CLEAR eID is selected by default.
10. Select Cancel.

    ID Verification closes the “Manage accepted IDs” page.
11. (Optional) Select the additional data that you want ID Evidence to store for each ID verification.

    Attention: If your configuration authorizes the use of Japanese Individual Number Cards and allows storage of data on the back of IDs, ID Evidence will store the 12-digit individual number showing on the back of Japanese Individual Number Cards. This data is personally identifiable information (PII) and considered sensitive. To avoid this situation, either unselect storage of the back of IDs or remove the Japanese Individual Number Card from the list of Accepted IDs for your configuration. Alternatively, use the Docusign ID Verification with Japanese IDs configuration. This ID Verification method respects data privacy by only allowing storage of the front of Japanese Individual Number Cards.
12. Choose your preferences for the Identity Wallet:

    - Select Recipients can create or update a Docusign Identity Wallet to allow recipients to create or update their Identity Wallet.
    - Select Recipients can use their Docusign Identity Wallet to allow recipients to identify using their identity wallet.
13. Select Add.

    The configuration displays in the configurations list and is available for senders.
