---
title: Account Security
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=tuw1583277327743.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:23Z'
---

# Account Security

Read about settings that administrators use to add security to accounts and transactions
created by users. Administrators can define timeouts for web and mobile applications and
recipient sessions. They can also suppress certificate enforcement for testing
purposes.

These settings add increased security to this account and the signing transactions generated
by all users.

- Web App Session Timeout: Specify a timeout duration in
  minutes to help ensure that an account session does not remain open and active for an
  indeterminate period of time. This timeout setting includes web browser and mobile web
  browser sessions. The minimum allowed value is 1 minute and the maximum is 120 minutes. The
  default value is 20 minutes.
- Recipient Session Timeout: This session timeout is for
  signers. Specify a timeout value in minutes for increased security. The minimum allowed
  value is 1 minute and the maximum is 120 minutes. The default value is 20 minutes. The Recipient Session Timeout setting does not apply to Signing Groups. In this case, the first signer must release the envelope by selecting Finish Later before another signer in the Signing Group can access the envelope.
- Mobile App Session Timeout: This session timeout is for
  account users who use a mobile device and a Docusign mobile app to access the account.
  Specify a timeout value in minutes for increased security. The minimum allowed value is 1
  minute and the maximum is 120 minutes. The default value is 20 minutes.
- Suppress In Session Certificate Enforcement: In demo accounts, you
  can turn off in session certificate enforcement when developing and testing an embedded
  signing integration. Production accounts require in session certificate enforcement, so you
  cannot change or apply this setting in production accounts.
