---
title: Create and Edit Custom Electronic Records and Signature Disclosures
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=ubq1583277336391.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:33Z'
---

# Create and Edit Custom Electronic Records and Signature Disclosures

Learn how administrators create custom legal disclosures.

The Custom Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure allows you to create a free-form disclosure using your own text and HTML formatting.

1. From the Accounts view, select Legal
   Disclosure.
2. Select Create Custom in the upper right corner. You are asked to
   confirm that you want to create a custom disclosure. Select OK to
   continue.

   If you have already selected to use a custom disclosure, you are taken to the
   Configure a Disclosure page when you select Legal Disclosure.
3. Select the Signer Language for the disclosure.

   Note: When you save the
   changes, only the disclosure for the currently selected Signer Language is saved. Docusign will not automatically translate your custom disclosure and you
   must create a disclosure for each language used by your signers.
4. Edit your custom disclosure text and HTML formatting in the Enter
   HTML field as needed. HTML is required to maintain the display formatting.

   Important: Javascript, XML, and CSS style tags cannot be used to edit this
   field.

   If this is the first time you are editing the disclosure, the Enter HTML field shows
   the default English (US) Docusign disclosure. You can use this as a
   guideline for your custom disclosure or select Clear to remove
   the disclosure text.
5. To review the changes you have made, select Preview. Your
   current disclosure for the selected language is shown for review. This is the same view
   that your recipients see.

   Select Done to close the preview.
6. Select Save to save the disclosure changes.
