---
title: Add Multiple Users through Bulk Actions
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=ukx1583277433205.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:26Z'
---

# Add Multiple Users through Bulk Actions

Learn how account administrators add a number of users at one time through bulk actions.

## Before you begin

To use a bulk action to add multiple users to an account at one time, you must have a comma-separated value (CSV) file with the user information properly formatted. You can create a CSV file according to the information described in [CSV File Format for User Additions](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=joi1583277428502.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the format required for the comma-separated value (CSV) file that administrators use to upload new users in a bulk action."), or you can download a sample CSV file and add the user information to it. See [Download a Sample CSV File](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=iab1652809474209.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how administrators download a sample comma-separated value (CSV) file they can use to upload users in bulk. The pre-formatted sample CSV file can save administrators time by eliminating the need to create and format a file. Administrators populate the sample file with the new user content and upload it to the Docusign account.").

As an administrator, you can add multiple users to an account simultaneously through the Add Users bulk action.

1. From the Accounts view, select Users.
2. Select Bulk Add.
3. Select Upload File in the Add Users dialog box.
4. Select Submit and confirm that you want to process the file.

   Note:  An account can only have one in-process CSV file at a time.

   The system processes the file and checks for errors in the format and user information. The system sends an activation email to the newly added users.
5. Select the icon in the Actions column to update the job status.
