---
title: Additional Information for Claiming Domains
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=uqb1583359141519.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:39Z'
---

# Additional Information for Claiming Domains

Read about additional information for organization administrators who are claiming
domains.

**Domain DNS entry**

- **TXT or CNAME token must remain in the domain's DNS entry**. For as long as you want
  to reserve the domain for your Docusign organization, the token must
  remain in place. Docusign periodically checks the DNS to ensure that
  claims are valid, and removal of a token would prevent your users from accessing Docusign.
- **The process of updating DNS entries varies by vendor.** You might need to coordinate
  with your network administrator to make this change. Also, it may take up to 72 hours for
  DNS changes to propagate over the internet. Therefore, coordinating ahead of time will
  ensure timely deployment of Single Sign-On.
- **Optional - perform a sanity check to confirm the DNS change is active using one of the
  following methods**.
  - For Windows users, open the command prompt and enter these commands:

    `nslookup –q=txt [myorganization.com]`

    `nslookup –q=CNAME [Guid].[myorganization.com]`

    Where *[myorganization.com]* is the domain that you are checking.
  - For Mac users, open the terminal and enter these commands:

    `dig txt
    [myorganization.com]`

    `dig CNAME
    [Guid].[myorganization.com]`

    Where
    *[myorganization.com]* is the domain that you are checking.
