---
title: Docusign Seal
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=uqn1725403701960.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:30Z'
---

# Docusign Seal

Read about the Docusign seals that show on every envelope you download and that you can
turn off to respect some local regulations.

When a user downloads an agreement, eSignature adds a digital Docusign seal to ensure
that the document hasn’t changed after signing. Account administrators can turn off
Docusign seal generation for agreements whose last signature is a digital signature. This final
digital signature acts similarly to the Docusign seal. It ensures that the document is
in its final form and secure. It also guarantees that the signature is affixed and
encrypted in the final form in which it appears.

Important: Allowing agreements to download without the Docusign
seal is under the responsibility of the account administrator. When this option is
enabled and the last operation in the document is a digital signature,
Docusign eSignature does not apply the Docusign seal to the agreement. However, if the
last signature in the document does not rely on a digital certificate, Docusign
eSignature enforces the Docusign seal to the envelope upon download. For more
information about disabling the Docusign seal, see the [Envelope Download](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=poe1725403720043.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the signing setting for disabling the Docusign seal that is attached to each agreement after download.") topic.

If you have questions about the setting to
remove the Docusign seal, contact Docusign Support.

Despite the intended security benefits of Docusign seals, there are scenarios
where they can cause confusion. For example, local regulations and policies can require
digital certificates to meet specific standards. Submitting agreements with Docusign
seals to validators in these regions may result in document rejection. Local validators
reject the agreements because the Docusign seal does not meet local requirements or is
not a listed and approved certificate. Local validators in these regions can validate
those documents only if they contain a digital signature or digital seal rather than
electronic signatures.

Important: You and your users should be aware that by removing
the Docusign seal, the signed document will not contain the Envelope ID associated to
the Docusign seal signature.
