---
title: Remove Users from Accounts
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=uwb1583277426266.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:26Z'
---

# Remove Users from Accounts

Learn how administrators close users to remove them from accounts and groups they were assigned to and remove associated permission profiles. If necessary, administrators can reactivate closed users.

To remove users from accounts, you must close them. Closed users cannot send new envelopes or access their account. As an administrator, you can also remove users from signing groups they belong to.

Note: Closed users will lose access to any completed documents in their account. However, recipients can still complete envelopes that were sent by users before they were closed. Before closing a user, it is recommended to transfer the ownership of the envelopes or ask the user to download all of their completed documents. After removing a user, you can [find templates where a removed user is a recipient or signer](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jux1679004702413.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to find templates that include a removed user.").

1. From the Accounts view, select Users.
2. Locate the user whose account you want to close.
3. Select Close from the Actions dropdown menu for the selected user.
4. (Optional) If you also want to remove the user from any signing groups the user belongs to, in the Close User dialog box, select Remove user from all signing groups. If you leave users in signing groups, you can always [edit the groups later](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=jca1583277369608.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators can set up and manage Signing Groups and alternate emails for the members of the group. Any member of the Signing Group can open and act on the document fields addressed to the group.") to remove them. If you do not remove them, they can continue to receive any notifications sent to the signing groups they belong to.
5. Select Close to confirm that you want to remove the user from the account.

The user's status changes to Closed and the user record is grayed out. Depending on the filters currently applied to your view, you may not see the closed record.
