---
title: Envelope Sharing Between Account Users
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=uzg1583277438725.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:27Z'
---

# Envelope Sharing Between Account Users

Read about how administrators permit users to see and take action on envelopes that
belong to other users on the account.

Envelope sharing permits users on the same account to see and take action on shared
envelopes.

The ability to share envelopes between your account users is helpful for scenarios such as
coverage during a leave of absence, delegated management of Docusign transactions, or other
collaborative workflows. As a Docusign administrator, you can set up envelope sharing and
allow users to see and act on envelopes that belong to another Docusign user.

Sharing is enabled on an individual user basis. When a user's envelopes are shared, the users
who were granted access can see and act on all of that user's envelopes.

Note: Shared envelopes is now in maintenance mode and will no longer be
updated. While you can continue to use shared envelopes, shared access also allows users to
share draft envelopes, move the shared envelopes, create custom folders, and view which users
have access to the envelopes. For more information, see [Manage Shared Access to Envelopes](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=imk1656607611659.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators manage settings for shared access to envelopes among users.").

See [Shared Envelopes](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=oeq1643226594604&topicId=xbn1578456279661.html&_LANG=enus) for more information about how users see and act on envelopes shared with them.

Note: All changes made to sharing settings are recorded in the audit log.
