---
title: Audit Logs
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=vit1583277397519.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:37Z'
---

# Audit Logs

Read about the types of changes to accounts that are captured in the audit logs.
Account administrators can view changes to account settings, billing information, plan type,
users, and more. They can filter the information by date range and download the selected
information to a comma-separated value (CSV) file for further processing.

The audit logs provide an easy way for account administrators to see changes to account
settings, billing information, plan type, and users. Administrators can filter the information
by date range and download the selected information to a comma-separated value (CSV) file for
further processing.

Note: The audit logs contain data for account changes
starting from June 1, 2015. Data before that date is not available in the audit logs.

**Types of changes**

The audit logs provide a record of the following types of changes to an account:

- Account settings
- User settings
- Billing credit card and billing address information
- Account plan changes
- Permission profiles (does not include creation or deletion of permission profiles)
- Envelope sharing settings
- Branding changes
- Electronic Record and Signature Disclosure changes
- Document Custom Fields
- Envelope Custom Fields

A maximum of 100 events are shown on the Audit Logs page. To view any
additional events, export the CSV file.

**Information displayed**

The information displayed in the audit logs includes the following:

- **Event Date:** The date and time the account change was made. The date and time shown
  uses the time zone setting for your browser and will vary depending on your browser
  settings.
- **User:** The name and email address of the user who changed the setting. Usually, this
  is an administrator. This column shows the user as "Docusign System" to
  indicate a change made to your account by a Docusign technical process.
  This occurs when a new user activates their account, or if there is a change in your account
  plan where features are added or changed. This column shows the user as "Docusign System User" to indicate a change made by an internal Docusign employee if you requested a change to your account. Contact Docusign Support if you have any questions about a change completed by one
  of these users.
- **Description:** The category for the changed setting. For categories that have
  multiple entries, such as Users, the name of the entry is also included in the description.

  *Example:* If you change something for user John Jones, the description will
  show "User Setting Change - John Jones".
- **Field:** The name of the field that was changed.
- **Old Value** and **New Value:** The old and new values for the field.

  In some cases, the Old Value field might be blank. This is expected and only means that
  there was no old value for the field.

  For fields that use a check box, a value of True means that the check box is selected.
  False means that the check box is not selected.
