---
title: Time Zone, Date Format, and Language
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=wyk1583277329566.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:24Z'
---

# Time Zone, Date Format, and Language

Read about how administrators set the time zone, date format, default language, and
date signed information for an account through Regional Settings.

Note: To manage the regional settings, you must be an
administrator with All Administration Capabilities. For more information, see [Permission Profiles](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pof1583277362435.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use permission profiles to manage levels of access for a number of users. Permission profiles are sets of permissions that administrators assign to individual users. By managing the permission profiles, administrators can make changes to multiple users simultaneously.").

As an administrator, you can specify the time zone, date and time format, default language,
and signed date behavior for account users. The settings are located on the Regional
Settings page.

- Time Zone: The time zone, date, and time format settings are used to
  record the date and time of events listed in the Envelope History and the Certificate of
  Completion.

  Note: Changes to these settings affect Envelope History.
  Events listed in Envelope History reflect the new values. The audit events in the
  Certificate of Completion remain unchanged and reflect the settings that were in place
  when the event occurred.

  By default, these settings apply to all users on the
  account. If you allow users to set their own time zone and date format, users can adjust
  the settings in the My Preferences menu, under Regional
  Settings.

  Note: If you disable Allow
  users to set their own Time Zone and Date Format, changes made by users
  revert to the default settings for the account.
- **Default Language:** The default language is applied to users and brands that are
  added to the account. Changes to the default language do not affect existing users. Users
  can change their preferred language in the My Preferences menu, under
  Regional Settings.
- **Date Signed:** You can add the Date Signed field to a document
  to record the date and time that the document was signed. You can specify the language used
  for the signing month and the time zone that are displayed in the Date
  Signed field.
  - Recipient: Defer to the language, date format, and time zone
    settings of the recipient account.
  - Account default: Use the default settings defined by the
    account.

  Note: You define the default account date and time format
  settings for Date Signed on the Signing
  Settings page under Document Formatting. For more
  information, see [Document Date and Time Format](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=okg1583277354516.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the settings that administrators use to specify the date and time format for documents sent from an account.").
