---
title: Signature Types
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=xob1685524149026.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:36Z'
---

# Signature Types

Read about signature types in Docusign eSignature and how you can manage the signature
types available to senders.

Electronic signatures are a common part of modern agreements. However, there are circumstances
where digital signatures are necessary for businesses, regions, or specific use cases.
These provide extra assurance by using digital certificates to verify identity.

## Digital Signatures

A digital signature is an electronic signature with a digital certificate to
authenticate the signer’s identity. Digital certificates indicate that signers have
completed extra steps to confirm their identity. Signers use digital certificates to
issue digital signatures on documents. A document’s digital signature proves the
signer’s identity and the document’s integrity.

Docusign eSignature provides its own set of digital signatures. It also partners with
Trust Service Providers (TSP), integrating their signatures into the eSignature
workflow. TSPs integration allows you to meet local standards, no matter where you
are.

## Signature Types

A signature type is a digital signature applying to a specific use case or country.
For example, DS Email is a signature type covering all the primary requirements for
digital signatures. If you need enhanced verification of the signer’s identity in
the European Union, you can also choose the DS EU Advanced signature type.

When senders create envelopes for signature, they select a signature type for each recipient.
The signature types available to a sender depend on the account configuration.
Account administrators can use the Signature Types page to
choose the signature types available for an account.

Table 1. signature type properties

| Property | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Name | Name of the signature type as it shows to senders in the Signature Type list when creating an envelope. |
| Jurisdiction | Area or legal authority that enforces the rules for using a signature type. Jurisdiction decides which laws apply to digital signatures. Therefore, it ensures that signatures are valid and accepted in a particular area or country. |
| Level | Degree of assurance that a digital signature is a reliable indicator of the signer's identity and the integrity of the signed document. For example, countries in the European Union support the following levels of signatures: simple, advanced and qualified. Other countries may support similar levels with distinct names. |
| Device | Appliance containing the digital certificates that eSignature uses to generate signatures. Signers usually store their certificates on the cloud or using a physical device like a smart card or a USB key. |

See the [eSignature Legality Guide](https://www.docusign.com/products/electronic-signature/legality/global) page for more
information on the supported jurisdictions and levels of signature.

## Signature Type Management

The Signature Types page lists all the signature types available to
senders when they create envelopes. The first signature type in the list applies by
default on envelopes unless the sender selects a distinct signature type. From this
page, administrators can add, remove or change the position of signature types in
the list.
