---
title: Transfer Envelopes and Templates Between Users
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=xyt1583277373629.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:32Z'
---

# Transfer Envelopes and Templates Between Users

Learn how administrators transfer envelopes and templates from one user to another from
the Users page.

As an account administrator, you can manually transfer envelope or templates from one user
to another from either the Users page or the Custody Transfer page.

1. From the Accounts view, select Users.
2. Locate the user whose items you want to transfer.
3. Select Actions and select either Transfer
   Envelopes or Transfer Templates.
4. Select the items that you want to transfer by selecting the check box on the
   corresponding rows. Use the Filters settings to change the list of
   items shown.
5. Select Transfer Now.
6. Type a name or an email and press the Enter key to generate a filtered list of
   users.
7. Select the user to transfer the items to and select Transfer.
8. (Optional) Check Add Original Owner as Carbon Copy to add the
   original sender as a Receives a copy recipient for the envelopes. If you do not select
   this option, the original sender loses all access to the transferred items.
9. Select Confirm to confirm the transfer.

   The job is placed in a queue for processing and listed in the Bulk Actions log. This
   log shows a list of bulk actions for your account and the progress of the actions.
10. When the transfer is complete, the transferred items are available in the new owner's
    account. You can select Details to review the transfer information
    and download a copy of the CSV file with the transfer information.
