---
title: Password Security
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=yfn1583277328637.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:23Z'
---

# Password Security

Read about the options available to administrators to set password rules for accounts. Administrators can specify a minimum number of characters, type of characters allowed, and expiration behavior. Depending on the needs of the organization, administrators can customize the options to fit their specific security requirements.

The Docusign system allows users a set number of login attempts with an incorrect password. For account security, if a user enters the wrong password too many times, the system locks the user out temporarily. Users can attempt to log in again after a brief waiting period.

Note: When administrators update password rules, the new rules apply when users either create a new password or update an existing password. Until either scenario exists, users can log in with their existing passwords created according to the previous rules.

The **Password Rules** option allows administrators to set the following rules for passwords used by account users to access Docusign.

- **Basic** – The minimum password length is 6 characters with no other password requirements.
- **Medium** – The minimum password length is 7 characters and must have one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, and one number or special character.
- **Strong** – The minimum password length is 9 characters and must have one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one number, and one special character.
- **Custom** – You can customize the length and age of passwords. The age is the minimum number of days after a password is set before it can be changed. You can specify whether uppercase, lowercase, numbers, and special characters must be included in the password.

  Note: Angle brackets ("<" ">") and spaces are never allowed in passwords.

Note: Docusign removed the Password Questions option and recommends using a secondary phone number or email for account recovery instead. As of January 2026, using security questions and answers (SQSA) is discontinued for existing customers.
