---
title: Signature Adoption and Format
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=yqs1583277358930.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:30Z'
---

# Signature Adoption and Format

Read about the settings administrators use to configure signature modes and styles for
signers.

These settings configure the signature modes and styles for signers.

- Signature Adoption Configuration: This option is used to
  set the signing options for the account. This includes the default signing modes, limiting
  signature styles for adopting a signature, locking a recipient’s name for signing and, for
  drawn signatures or initials, setting the minimum pixels required to adopt a signature. For
  a detailed description of the configuration options, see [Signature Adoption Configuration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=dsz1583277358168.html&_LANG=enus "Read the signing options administrators can specify for an account through the Signature Adoption Configuration view. For example, administrators can specify signing modes, limit signature styles, and specify a minimum pixel size for drawn signatures.").
- The selected formats will be applied to all signatures:
  This option controls the appearance of signatures for signers.
  - Add Docusign frame: A frame with extra information is placed
    around the signer’s signatures and initials to make it easy to recognize the signature
    was created by Docusign. This extra information appears on the
    documents, including the Certificate of Completion, sent from the account.

    Note: The frame is not applied if the signer is using the Docusign mobile app to sign.
  - Do not add frame: Only the signer’s script name or initials are
    shown.

  |  |  |
  | --- | --- |
  |  |  |
  | Sample signature and initials with the frame | Sample signature and initials without the frame |

  With the Docusign frame selected, the signature is easily
  recognized as a Docusign signature.

  If you expect to send
  documents to others who understand that the Docusign signature indicates
  a secure document handling process, and that they can rely on the document to be tamper
  proof, that there is an online backup, then you should enable the Docusign frame to indicate to others that the signature is from Docusign.

  If you expect to send documents to others who are not familiar with Docusign, and do not expect extra layers of security, but perhaps just
  require faxed in documents, you can use the Do not add frame option so that these
  recipients are not confused by the additional information.
