---
title: Resource Files
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=yum1583277332870.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:25Z'
---

# Resource Files

Read about how administrators that have XML and HTML skills customize resource files to
control text elements in an account. Administrators can customize one or both of the resource
files available for Docusign eSignature. One file is used for signing and the
other file is used for email messaging.

Note: These features are temporarily disabled for account plans purchased
on the web after November 20, 2024. For more information, contact Docusign
Support.

Resource files are an optional method to control the text elements in your account signing
view and for emails sent by your account. If the resource file option is not enabled for an
account, contact Docusign Support for more information and assistance.

Important: Customizing resource files is an advanced
branding configuration option which can significantly impact your account, and should be done
only by someone with expertise in XML and HTML. The resource files are subject to change
without notice. If you customize your resource files, after each release, Docusign recommends you review any changes and update your custom files as
needed.

Docusign eSignature uses two resource files: one for signing and one for
email messages. In addition to setting text elements, the signing resource file also controls
some of the dialog boxes displayed in the signing view.

To use resource files, you will download the appropriate resource file for the information
you want to change, modify the resource file, and then upload your modified file to the Docusign system. When you upload a modified resource file, only the
differences between your modified file and the original file are saved by the system. An
account can only upload one of each type of custom resource file for each signing brand, so
all changes for all languages must be included in the uploaded files.

You can modify and upload one or both (signing and email) of the resource files to customize
them for your account. If you do not upload a modified resource file, the system will use the
default information in the original resource file.

For more information about specific resource files, see the following guides:

- [Signing Resource File](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=docusign-signing-resource-file-guide&topicId=docusign-signing-resource-file-guide.pdf&_LANG=enus)
- [Email Resource File](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=sjd1688145913931&topicId=vxn1688146331549.html&_LANG=enus)
