---
title: Setting a User Login Policy
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=zah1583359147774.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:38Z'
---

# Setting a User Login Policy

Read about how organization administrators can set a user login policy. When SSO is
enabled for an organization, all account users follow the policy settings specified for the
domain.

Note: This guide is for Docusign
organization administrators. Single Sign-On requires and organization in Docusign Admin.

When SSO is enabled for an organization, all account users follow the policy settings
specified for the domain. For example, an organization’s email domain is myorganization.com.
If the Docusign administrator requires all users to authenticate with an
Identity Provider, then all users with an @myorganization.com email address are required to
authenticate with their corporate credentials.

Note: It is also possible to prevent users from
logging into personal Docusign accounts while at work. For more information, see [Prevent Access to Personal Docusign Accounts](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=mee1606866850692.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how organization administrators can prevent their users from accessing personal Docusign accounts at work.").

There might be cases where using the default policy might not be appropriate for all users. Some examples of this are:

- The Docusign administrator might want to retain the ability to maintain a username and password in Docusign. This is helpful for cases where the administrator needs to access Docusign to make updates to the organization’s SSO configuration without going through the Identity Provider.
- An application or integration user cannot log in through an Identity Provider because that particular application does not currently support SSO.

For these cases, Docusign administrators have the option of setting login policies on a per user basis.

Important: This login policy setting deliberately
overrides any policies that are enforced on the email domain. Administrators should use this
as an exception rather than a standard rule for all users.
