---
title: Differences in Signing with a Signature Pad
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=zgm1638238193525.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:31Z'
---

# Differences in Signing with a Signature Pad

Read about how the signing process differs with various signature pads.

The signing process is different with various signature pads. There are no changes to the
process for sending envelopes.

Note: The first time a signer
uses an ePadLink device, the signer must allow activation of the plugin for the
device.

1. The signer selects the first
   Sign or Initial tag on the
   document. The Adopt Your Signature window opens.
2. The signer selects one of the following options:
   - On a Topaz device, the signer selects Select a Signature
     Style to use a pre-set signature or initial style.
   - On an ePad device, the signer selects Start
     Capture.
3. The signer uses the signature pad device to draw their
   signature or initials.

   The signer selects Clear to reset
   the signature or initial block and start over.
4. The signer selects one of the following options:
   - On a Topaz device, the signer selects Adopt and Sign
     or Adopt and Initial to save the signature or
     initials.
   - On an ePad device, the signer selects OK.
5. After adopting their signature or initials, the signer
   only needs to select a Sign or Initial
   tag to add the signature or initials.

   If the Sign In Each
   Location option is enabled for the envelope, the signer must
   sign or initial each Sign or
   Initial tag.
