---
title: Signing Groups Overview
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=znw1583277367219.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:29Z'
---

# Signing Groups Overview

Read about how administrators can set up signing groups and alternate emails for the
members of the group. Signing groups allow any member of the group to act on documents sent to
the group. Alternate emails allow email notifications to go to another email address, rather
than directly to the group members.

When the signing group option is used, group members that open and sign the documents are tracked in the history and certificate of completion. The members of a signing group are not required to have a Docusign account.

Once a signing group is set up, it is available for use by any account sender when adding
recipients to an envelope. The group can be added in the same manner as any other recipient.
See this [Signing Groups](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=zgn1578456447934.html&bundleId=gav1643676262430&_LANG=enus) topic for more information about sending envelopes
with a Signing Group.

## Adding an alternate email for notifications

You can choose to add an alternate email address for the signing group and have all email
notifications sent to that email address, rather than directly to the group members. When
you use an alternate group email, only the recipients who are also members of the signing
group can view and act on envelopes sent to the group email. In addition, with an alternate
email, members must have a Docusign account to view and act on the envelope. If members
access the documents from the group email notification, they must first sign in to their
Docusign account.
