---
title: Supplemental Documents
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=zsq1583277359502.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:30Z'
---

# Supplemental Documents

Read about actions administrators can require signers to take regarding supplemental
documents. Administrators can specify that signers view, accept, or read the supplemental
documents to complete the signing process.

If supplemental documents are enabled for your account, you can specify the default recipient
actions that signers must complete in order to finish signing. Selection here makes an action
required for all supplemental documents sent from the account.

The settings you choose here are applied to all permission profiles on your account. With the
[Permission Profiles](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=pof1583277362435.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how administrators use permission profiles to manage levels of access for a number of users. Permission profiles are sets of permissions that administrators assign to individual users. By managing the permission profiles, administrators can make changes to multiple users simultaneously."), you can
control users' access to the supplemental documents feature and whether they can override the
default actions when sending supplements. See the [Send Supplemental Documents](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=nfs1578456470024.html&bundleId=gbo1643332197980&_LANG=enus) guide for
more information.

The options are as follows:

- **Signers must view supplemental documents**: Recipients must select the
  View button on the supplement strip to open the supplement view,
  which lets them read through the document, and download or print it.
- **Signers must accept supplemental documents**: Recipients must select the
  Accept button on the supplement strip.
- **Signers must read supplemental documents**: Recipients must scroll to the
  bottom of the supplement. This option is only available if both must view and must accept
  options are selected.

Supplemental document interactions are logged in both the History and Certificate of Completion for an envelope.
