---
title: Create Custom Fields for Documents
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=zus1583277381502.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:34Z'
---

# Create Custom Fields for Documents

Learn how account administrators create custom fields that users can select from the
Fields palette when they prepare documents and add recipient fields. If
your account is integrated with Salesforce and you have a Salesforce Connect configuration set
up, you can relate custom fields to Salesforce fields.

As an account administrator, you can create custom fields
that can be added to documents. Users can select custom fields from the
Fields palette when they prepare documents and add recipient
fields.

Note: If your account is integrated with Salesforce and you
have a Salesforce Connect configuration set up, you can relate this custom field to a
Salesforce field. See the Docusign for Salesforce Administrator Guide for
more information about relating custom fields to Salesforce objects.

1. From the Accounts view, select Document Custom
   Fields.
2. Select Add Document Field.
3. Enter a name for the custom field.

   Tip: Use a descriptive
   name to help users identify it in the Fields palette.
4. Select the type of field that you want to create from the Type
   menu, for example, Date Signed, Drop Down or
   Radio Button.

   Set the properties for the custom field. The properties available depend on the type
   of field that you select. Custom field properties are generally the same field properties
   for the field type selected. Information about additional custom field properties is
   provided below:
   - If you select Drop Down as the field type, you must provide
     options for the list that is presented to the recipient. Enter the options in the
     Options box, separating each with a semi-colon (;). You are
     limited to 2000 characters in the list, including the semi-colon separators.
   - Most fields allow you to set an Initial Value for the field.
     The sender and recipient can change this information, unless the Read
     Only option is selected.
   - To share the field with all account users, select Shared.
   - If you select Text Field as the field type, you can select a
     validation setting such as Email, Date,
     or Zip to constrain user input to an assigned format.
   - If you select Note as the field type, the Include
     in email option is available. Select this option to have the note
     display in the email sent to the recipient.
   - The AutoPlace Text field allows you to add the custom field
     to all instances of a word or characters in a document.

     Type the string of characters in the AutoPlace Text field.
     When the custom field is added to a document, the custom field is attached to all
     occurrences of the characters in the document. See [Add Fields Automatically with AutoPlace](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=ytr1578456405118.html&bundleId=gbo1643332197980&_LANG=enus)
     for more information about using AutoPlace.
5. Select Save to save your custom field.

   Your new custom field displays in the list. If you shared the custom field, all
   account users see it in the Fields palette when they prepare a
   document and add recipient fields.
