---
title: Create an Identity Verification Configuration with Only KBA
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=zya1654558048963.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:38:35Z'
---

# Create an Identity Verification Configuration with Only KBA

Learn how account administrators create configurations for identity verification using
only KBA.

You can create a configuration with knowledge-based authentication (KBA) as the only option if
you want recipients to identify themselves with only KBA.

1. From the Accounts view, select Identity
   Verification.

   The Identity Verification screen
   opens.
2. Select Add Configuration.

   The Add Configuration screen opens.
3. Choose Knowledge-Based Authentication and select
   Next.

   The Add Knowledge-Based Authentication page
   opens.
4. Enter a name for your configuration. Optionally, add a description.

   Note: The name and description are not translated. Senders
   see the text in the language it is written.
5. Select the maximum number of verification attempts.

   This number represents how many times recipients can attempt to verify before
   the envelope is locked. If recipients are unsuccessful in verifying their
   identity, by default, the envelope is locked and users must contact the sender
   to unlock it.
6. Select one of the levels of variation for name acceptance standards when
   matching the name of the recipient with the name in the ID:

   - Maximum variation: Allows additional variations
     of middle names, suffixes, equivalent names and tolerates minor typing
     mistakes. This is the default selection. The Maximum variation option is
     not compatible with the IDV - DS EU Advanced signature type.
   - Moderate variation: Allows additional variations
     of middle names and suffixes.
   - Minimal variation: Allows minor variations of
     first and last names only.

   Note: For more information about this setting, see [ID
   Name Matching](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ced1643229641057&topicId=rhb1657542911402.html&_LANG=enus).
7. Select how often recipients must verify when accessing an envelope.

   If you select Every access or Every access
   until role is completed, you can turn on Allow SMS
   authentication after one successful verification. The recipient
   provides a mobile phone number to complete this type of authentication.
8. Select Add.

ID Verification adds your new configuration.
