---
title: Docusign Custom Data Verification for Your Organization
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=qki1698158012210&topicId=qrx1741973884664.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T18:26:48Z'
---

# Docusign Custom Data Verification for Your Organization

Learn about Docusign custom data verification fields that let you
verify agreement data against your internal systems in real time.

In addition to using prebuilt extension apps from the Docusign
[App Center](https://www.docusign.com/products/platform/app-center), you can now build your own private extension
apps to verify data against your internal databases, or the web service of your
choice.

You can confirm data against your private sources using the [Connected Fields API](https://developers.docusign.com/docs/connected-fields-api/concepts/). Your developers support this effort by
building private extension apps to securely verify agreement data against internal
systems in real time.

With Custom Data Verification, you can:

Connect with internal systems
:   Build private extension apps that verify data against internal proprietary
    data sources, or any authoritative data source of your choice.

Create custom Connected Fields for your agreements
:   Develop custom data models that align to your specific template needs and
    integrate seamlessly with your custom extension apps. Your Connected Fields
    show up in the eSignature envelope preparation for all of your envelopes and
    envelope templates.

Drive greater automation
:   Verify and auto-fill data from private data sources to reduce manual entry
    and completion time. This can occur during envelope signing and
    form-filling.

See the [Create a Private Docusign Data
Verification App](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qki1698158012210&topicId=bpc1740167704919.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to create a private Custom private app for data verification , eSignature, or other Docusign features. Private apps provides custom data verification fields for your organization.") article to learn how to create a custom data
verification app and data verification fields.
