---
title: Create Room Templates to Auto-Populate New Rooms With Task Lists
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=bir1572968393341.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:30:12Z'
---

# Create Room Templates to Auto-Populate New Rooms With Task Lists

## Before you begin

You need the Manage room templates
permission enabled on your company role.

Room templates simplify the room creation process for your company. When you create a room
template, you select all the task list templates associated with that type of room. This
ensures that every time someone creates a room, the correct task lists are associated with
it.

If you want to create room templates for specific offices or regions, make sure you select
them so members at those locations can see them.

Note: Members need the Apply room templates
permission enabled on their company role to apply a room template when creating a
room.

1. In Docusign Rooms, go to Settings > COMPANY > Room templates.
2. Select NEW TEMPLATE.

   Tip: If a template already exists that is similar to the
   template you are creating, select EDIT >  Copy to copy the template.
3. Name the template so it clearly communicates its purpose. Examples: Home Purchase, Refinance, HELOC.
   Examples: Commercial, Residential, Land Only.
4. Choose which side of the transaction this template applies to: List, Buy, List &
   Buy, or Refinance.
5. The new template is enabled in all locations by default. Optionally associate the
   template with specific regions or offices to make it only available to people in those
   locations.
6. Select TASK LIST TEMPLATES to add task list templates to the
   room template.
7. Select Save.
