---
title: Redirect Members After They Activate Their Docusign Rooms Account
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=hry1588261708110.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:30:13Z'
---

# Redirect Members After They Activate Their Docusign Rooms Account

If your company leverages the Rooms API to invite members to Docusign Rooms, learn how
administrators can automatically redirect members to your company site after they finish
activating their account.

If you leverage the Rooms API to invite members to your company Rooms account, you can
automatically redirect members to your company site after they finish activating their
account.

## Setup overview

Below are the high-level steps to set up this feature.

1. In Rooms, enable the Manage integration settings permission for
   administrators at your company who will be setting up this feature. This gives
   access to the Integration Settings page in Rooms company
   settings.
2. In Settings >  COMPANY >  Integration Settings, add one or more of your site's URLs to the trusted URL list. The
   URLs you add here are the only URLs Rooms will allow for redirect. See [Add Trusted URLs for Docusign Rooms Redirects](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=fxd1588601606110.html&_LANG=enus) below for steps.
3. In the InviteUser endpoint of the Rooms API, enter a trusted URL
   (that you added in step 2) to the redirectUrl parameter.
   Rooms will direct members to that URL after activation.
4. Members receive Rooms invitations and register as they usually would, but Rooms
   now redirects them to your site after activation.
