---
title: Understand Roles and Permissions in Docusign Rooms
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=jyt1572968390277.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:30:12Z'
---

# Understand Roles and Permissions in Docusign Rooms

Read about roles in Docusign Rooms and how they allow administrators to assign sets of
permissions to members based on their job responsibilities.

Permissions determine what members can do in Docusign Rooms. For example, individual
permissions control whether members can create rooms, add documents, or update company
settings. Rather than assign individual permissions directly to each member, Rooms groups
permissions into *roles*.

Assign each member a role when you add them to your company account. The permissions
enabled for that role determine their access within the account.

For example, a member's role controls the following:

- The administrative features they can access
- The actions they can take in a room
- Whether they need to provide a security code when entering a room

Roles are entirely custom in Docusign Rooms. Create as many roles as you need, with any
combination of permissions that make sense for your company.

People can have different roles based on the rooms to which they are added. For example, an
Agent at your company can be added to a room with a
Transaction Coordinator role with fewer permissions to assist with
a transaction. What someone can do in a room is entirely controlled by their role in that
room.

## Video: Explore Roles in Docusign Rooms
