---
title: Create a Role to Group Member Permissions
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=lkp1572968390512.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:30:12Z'
---

# Create a Role to Group Member Permissions

Learn how administrators create roles in Docusign Rooms. A member's role determines
what they can do in the application.

## Before you begin

Before you begin, you need the Manage roles and
permissions permission enabled on your company role.

Create custom roles in Docusign Rooms with the permissions you need. A role is a group of
permissions that determines the actions and features available for a member. Role
permissions are available for specific administrative functions, and most actions users can
take in a room.

Tip:

If you already have a role similar to the one you want to create, select the drop-down
menu next to that role and select Copy.

1. Log in to your Rooms account.
2. Select Settings in the Rooms header.
3. Select the COMPANY tab.
4. Select Roles and permissions.
5. Select ADD ROLE.
6. Under Name, type a unique, descriptive name for the role.

   Company members can see the name of their role, as well as other room members' roles.
   When inviting others into a room, members use the role name to determine which role to
   assign the invitee. They can also view the detailed permissions for each role before
   sending the invite.
7. If you want users to begin using the role immediately, select
   Enable.

   Otherwise, leave it disabled to keep the role hidden.
8. If the role is external, select This role is external to your
   company to provide a subset of available permissions for external
   roles.

   Note: Users see EXT next to external role names.
9. Select Require two-step verification to access rooms to prompt
   members with this role to verify a security code when entering a room.

   Note: Users are prompted for a
   security code when accessing rooms through the user interface but not through the Rooms
   API.
10. Choose a View Option for the role.

    The Default view provides the standard Rooms experience and
    allows people to work in rooms. The remaining views only allow access to the closing
    package. When users with the Closing collaborator,
    Signing agent, and Simplified views log
    in, they see their tailored view of the closing package.
11. Under Permission Profile, expand each section and select the
    permissions to give this role.
12. Select SAVE.
