---
title: Create Rooms To Collaborate on Transactions
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=pda1572968399777.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:30:14Z'
---

# Create Rooms To Collaborate on Transactions

A room is a safe and secure location where you can store all of the documents related to a particular transaction. Create one room for each of your transactions to keep tasks, documents, people, envelopes, and messages organized and in one place. Those involved in a transaction have access to this virtual room and can collaborate with you.

As the transaction progresses, return to the room to monitor and keep track of the tasks and documents you need to complete to finalize the transaction.

If you have permission to create rooms, follow these steps to create a new room:

1. In your Rooms account, select Rooms at the top of the
   page.
2. Select NEW.
3. Under Room name, type the name you want to give the room.

   You can use anything that's meaningful to you. For example, use "Bryant Family" to
   organize transactions by customer name.

   Optionally leave this field blank and select Use
   property location for room name to auto fill the room name with the property
   street address.
4. In the Room owner field:

   - If you are the room owner, leave your name as the room owner.
   - If you have permission to create a room on behalf of someone else, you can select another person as the room owner.
5. Choose the office.

   The office determines the visibility of the room to other members of your
   company.
6. If your company uses room templates, choose a template from the drop-down list.

   Room templates save time by auto-populating the room with task lists.
7. Select the room owner's role in the room.
8. Select the room owner's side of the transaction. Options are: List, Buy, List
   & Buy, and Refinance.
9. Complete the property location fields.
10. Select UPLOAD to upload a photo for the room, such as the photo of the property.
11. Select SAVE.

    Your new room appears on your Rooms page. If you selected a room template, any task
    lists associated with that template are applied to the newly-created room.
