---
title: Assign Form Libraries and Packets to Specific Offices To Limit Form Visibility
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=tuf1649779382479.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:30:13Z'
---

# Assign Form Libraries and Packets to Specific Offices To Limit Form Visibility

Read about how administrators at your company can assign association form libraries to
the offices that use them. If your company offices are under the same Docusign Rooms account
but run independently, assigning forms to offices ensures users only see the libraries that
apply to them.

If your company's offices are under the same Docusign Rooms for Real Estate account but
run independently, we recommend mapping your association form libraries to the offices
that use them. Contact your Account Team to enable this functionality for you.

Once this feature is enabled, a forms administrator at your company needs to map form
libraries to your offices manually. Users can't see forms until you map them.

When form libraries are mapped to offices, working with forms is easier for
administrators and Rooms users.

Benefits for administrators:

- When creating form packets, administrators only see libraries that apply to the offices they
  manage. This prevents them from having to page through potentially hundreds of
  libraries to find the forms they need.
- Administrators can only create form packets for the specific offices they belong to.

Benefits for users:

- When adding forms to a room, users only see libraries and packets for their offices.
- When viewing forms in My Docs, users only see libraries and packets for their offices.
