---
title: Make Bulk Changes to a Member's Room Access
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=zyf1600976408469.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:30:13Z'
---

# Make Bulk Changes to a Member's Room Access

If you have permission to manage members, you can schedule an update to add or remove a member
from rooms in bulk. This prevents you from adding or removing a member manually from
individual rooms when the member changes.

For example, you might want to schedule a room access update when:

- a member's region or office location changes
- a member now manages multiple offices, regions, or the entire company, and you want to give
  them visibility to transactions in these areas
- a member has a new role that auto-adds them to new rooms, and you also want to add them to
  open rooms

## How does the bulk update work?

Bulk updates run on a *per-member* basis. The update runs overnight and only
adds or removes the member from active rooms. (The update does not add or remove the
member from closed rooms.)

When adding the member to rooms, the update adds the member to rooms created by their
peers or subordinates in their new office locations.

When removing the member from rooms, the update removes the member from rooms they no longer
belong to or were previously auto-added.

The bulk update never removes members from rooms they've been invited to.

Tip: If you have permission to manage
members' room access, you can [remove members from
rooms](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=clr1643042075783&topicId=xep1572968406638.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to control someone's access to a room in Docusign Rooms.") on a per-room basis (including rooms they've been invited
to).
