---
title: Additional Methods for Uploading Documents to Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=ahu1576610036723.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:28Z'
---

# Additional Methods for Uploading Documents to Docusign CLM

Learn about the additional methods for uploading documents and content to Docusign CLM.

Several additional methods can be used to upload content and documents to Docusign CLM. These methods can be used extensively in your implementation but
are typically used for a special purpose. Some of these methods might require extra
installations of third-party or Docusign CLM applications to enable
functionality.

Note: Some content upload methods are available only to CLM.CM customers.
To determine which version of Docusign CLM you have, see [Identify Your Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to identify your account type in Docusign CLM.").

Inbound E-Mail
:   Sends an email to Docusign CLM by using a folder-specific email
    address. The email and its attachments will be added as new content to the folder. This is
    typically used when receiving content from outside of an organization from non-Docusign CLM users.

Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP)
:   Adds content to Docusign CLM by using a third-party SFTP client. This
    method is typically used to upload large numbers of files or to retain a folder hierarchy
    for the inbound files.

Web Services/API
:   Accesses Docusign CLM from outside software programs by using the Docusign CLM API.
