---
title: Filters for Advanced Search in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=dtv1648752673175.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:27Z'
---

# Filters for Advanced Search in Docusign CLM

Look up filters available in advanced search

Note:

- This topic applies to the legacy search experience. By default, the [modernized search experience](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=jbg1707491822735.html&_LANG=enus "Read about modernized search in Docusign CLM. Administrators and users can search for documents and content. You can apply filtering, save searches, customize search results, and export results.") is
  enabled in account settings. We recommend using modernized search.
- Advanced search is available in CLM and CLM+ but not in CLM Essentials.

In Docusign CLM advanced search, you can use filters to narrow or expand search results. These
filters can be configured from the Filters tab on the side
panel in advanced search. Current filters display once a filter is applied. You can
clear configured filters by selecting Reset from the side
panel.

Has the words
:   Specifies words that you want to include in your search. This searches the
    title, description, modified by, attribute value, attribute group names, and
    file content. For example, you can search for all folders that contain “New
    Hire” in the name.

Doesn't have the words
:   Specifies words that you do not want to include in your search. This searches the name,
    description, modified by, attribute value, attribute group names, and the
    content of a file. For example, you can exclude folders that contain “New
    Hire” in the name.

Include Documents, Folders, Documents, and Folders
:   Includes documents, folders, or both in your search results.

Location
:   Specifies the folder you want to target your search. Limits your search to a
    specific folder.

Search all document versions
:   Searches all document versions for the criteria you define. By default,
    Docusign CLM searches only the most recent version.

Search includes trash
:   Includes trashed items when searching documents and folders. Search results will include
    any matching items that the product finds in the trash folder. By default,
    this filter checkbox is unselected.

    Note: If you select
    the checkbox, you can also select Trash in the Location selection box.
    This configuration searches only for documents and folders that are in
    the trash.

Properties
:   Limits your search to files that contain keywords within a specific
    property. These properties include name, description, document content, and
    attributes.

Document Type
:   Limits your search by document type. (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, PDF, Image,
    Other) Default search behavior includes all document types unless you
    otherwise specify.

Modified
:   Limits your search to items modified by a specific user or modified during a
    specific date range. Default search behavior includes all results regardless
    of modified by or modified date.

Attributes
:   Include documents with specific attribute groups or exclude documents
    without an attribute group applied.

Add Attribute Field
:   You can add attribute fields as search filters. For more information about
    adding an attribute field as a filter, see [Add an Attribute Field Filter to Advanced Search in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=wjt1648749200312.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to add an attribute field as a search filter to Docusign CLM Advanced Search.").
