---
title: Document Annotation in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=emz1576610174361.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:28Z'
---

# Document Annotation in Docusign CLM

Learn how to annotate documents in Docusign CLM.

Note: This documentation covers legacy document preview experiences for
Docusign CLM. As of July 1, 2025, most customers have been upgraded to
Document Review as their default document preview experience in Docusign
CLM. For more information on deprecation of document preview experiences, see [Docusign Document Preview Experience Changes FAQ](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ssg1729007411846&topicId=twq1729007565221.html&_LANG=enus). For more information on features and enhancements available in Document Review, see [Document Review in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=eyk1666363075054.html&_LANG=enus).

In Docusign CLM, users can collaborate using annotations or comments on documents. For legacy
preview users, document annotations can be made through pinpoints. Pinpoints enable users to
add comments to documents without changing the content of the document itself. Comments can be
created and viewed when the document is opened in the legacy Document Preview. Multiple users
can add comments to the document, enabling collaboration around the content.

If interactive preview is enabled for Docusign CLM, users can annotate using comments.
Comments can be created by any user with access to the document, and can be used to create
tasks. Tasks can be assigned or reassigned to task groups or users.
