---
title: Restore Deleted Documents in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=hod1636261897513.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:28Z'
---

# Restore Deleted Documents in Docusign CLM

Learn how to recover deleted documents from the trash in Docusign CLM.

If a document was mistakenly deleted or needs to be
restored, you can recover it from the trash in Docusign CLM. Deleted content is
organized into folders by date of deletion (in YYYYMMDD
format).

Note:

- Users can only delete CLM files and folders to which they have at least
  View, Edit & Delete access.
- CLM does not restore deleted content to its original location. You must cut
  deleted content from the trash folder and paste it to a selected
  location.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Documents in the navigation header.

   The Documents view opens.
3. Select the Trash folder.
4. Select the YYYYMMDD folder with the date that the content
   was deleted.

   You see any documents that are in the folder.
5. (Optional) View the document's history to see who deleted the document and see
   its original location:
   1. Select the checkbox next to the document, and select View > History.
   2. Select Done when finished reviewing the
      history.

      The product redisplays the YYYYMMDD
      folder.
6. Select the checkbox next to the file to restore, and select Edit > Cut.
7. Navigate to the folder or location where the file will be restored, and select Edit  >  Paste.

A message indicates that the content has been moved to the new
location. You have successfully restored deleted content from the trash to a folder in
Docusign CLM. The restored content is available in the Documents
view and search results in Docusign CLM.
