---
title: Compare Document Versions in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=iiw1576610041006.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:28Z'
---

# Compare Document Versions in Docusign CLM

Learn how to compare document versions in Docusign CLM.

In Docusign CLM, you can compare two versions of a Microsoft Word
document. Comparing document versions enables users to identify the differences between
versions. Differences are highlighted, enabling quick acceptance or rejection of
changes.

This feature can help eliminate potential oversights in manual comparisons and can help
shorten revision cycles.

Note: Documents that are compared cannot be any larger than 128
MB.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Documents in the navigation header.

   The Documents page opens.
3. Select the checkbox next to the document you want to compare.
4. Select File > Compare Documents.

   A comparison dialog box opens.
5. Select the checkboxes for the two document versions to compare, and select
   Next.

   The Compare dialog box displays.
6. Configure your options for the document comparison merge:

   - To save the document comparison as a new version of the current document, select
     New version of.
   - To save the document comparison as a new document, select New document
     named:.
7. Select checkboxes for the document comparison options to be included in the new
   document:

   - Compare formatting compares changes in fonts, style, size,
     and other formatting properties
   - Compare headers/footers compares changes in headers and
     footers of a document
   - Compare comments compares changes in comments on a
     document
   - Show moves shows text that has been moved within the document
     body
8. Once all options have been chosen, select Compare. To select a
   different document for comparison, select Back.

   You have successfully created a document comparison. Depending on the options
   selected in step 6, the comparison will be saved as a new document, or a
   version.
