---
title: Modernized Search in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=jbg1707491822735.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:27Z'
---

# Modernized Search in Docusign CLM

Read about modernized search in Docusign CLM. Administrators and users can search for documents and content. You can apply filtering, save searches, customize search results, and export results.

Docusign CLM provides a modernized search experience to help you efficiently search for documents and content. While executing searches, you can also perform the following activities:

- Apply filtering criteria to narrow a search or locate specific items
- Save a search query for later use

  Note: Administrators can save a search that all users can use.
- Customize which columns of information get displayed in search results
- Export search results

Note:

- Modernized search is not available for CLM.CM account types. This search experience is available only for Docusign CLM accounts.
- On the Account Settings page, the Enable Modernized Search Experience setting is selected by default. If you disable the setting, the product provides a [legacy search experience](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=tgh1708707979539.html&_LANG=enus "Read about legacy search in Docusign CLM. Administrators and users can search for documents and content. You can apply filtering, save searches, customize search results, and export results."). We recommend using the modernized search.
- A keyword search must contain at least four characters to return results. For examples of search keywords, see the documentation about [search examples for modernized search](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=ref4fbe94ff-7ffb-40ec-9987-3ff38ad5e53e.html&_LANG=enus "Look up search examples for modernized search in Docusign CLM. Administrators and users can review these examples to understand how the product interprets search keywords and produces search results.").

## Search Behaviors

When Docusign CLM executes searches, the following behaviors apply:

- The product searches based on the beginning of words. The search is not based on the middle of words or the last characters of words. We recommend using complete words for all search words. If you specify multiple words, the product cannot find matches if a word is incomplete.

**Examples:** Searching for contra finds contractual and contracts. However, searching for tract does not find contract. Searching for Fontara Corporation produces results that match that name. However, searching for Fontara Corp produces no results for the full name.

- When a user performs a search, the results include only content that the user has access to.
- Docusign CLM ignores the following articles, pronouns, and prepositions in search indexing and search results: a, an, and, are, as, at, be, but, by, for, if, in, into, is, it, no, not, of, on, or, such, that, the, their, then, there, these, they, this, to, was, will, with.

## OCR and Text Extraction for Creating Searchable Content

When you upload a document, Docusign CLM uses the following technologies to make content searchable:

Optical Character Recognition (OCR)
:   Identifies characters in scanned documents.

    Note: The results of text search depend on the quality of the uploaded image. Handwritten text on images is *not* processed by OCR.
:   Docusign CLM uses OCR when the following document types get uploaded:

    - PDF documents containing less than 150 text characters (including spaces)
    - JPEG documents
    - JPG documents
    - PNG documents
    - TIF documents
    - TIFF documents

    Note: If a PDF that you are uploading already has extracted text, Docusign CLM does not run OCR on the PDF.

Text extraction
:   Scans and extracts text. Docusign CLM uses text extraction when the following document types get uploaded:

    - DOCX documents
    - PDF documents containing at least 150 text characters and up to 500 pages

    Note: Text does not get extracted from documents with more than 500 pages. If your document exceeds 500 pages, you can split the document into multiple files. Splitting the document ensures that your text gets extracted.
