---
title: Identify the Site ID for Your Docusign CLM Account
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=jnm1716521819984.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:26Z'
---

# Identify the Site ID for Your Docusign CLM Account

Learn how to identify the site (and region) that your Docusign CLM
account is associated with. Identifying the site is useful to estimate when your site might
receive product features that roll out incrementally.

In Docusign CLM, you can identify the site (and region) that your account is
associated with. Identifying the site is useful to estimate when your site might
receive product features that roll out incrementally.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.

   In the web browser, an address bar shows a URL that contains one of the
   following site ID values:
   - eu11 (Europe site)
   - eu21 (Europe site)
   - s1.eu (Europe site)
   - s2.eu (Europe site)
   - na11 (North America site)
   - na21 (North America site)
   - s1.us (North America site)
   - s2.us (North America site)
   - us11 (FedRAMP site for U.S. federal agencies)
   - us12 (FedRAMP site for U.S. federal agencies)
   - us13 (FedRAMP site for U.S. federal agencies)
2. Inspect the address bar URL to locate the site ID value.

You have identified the site ID for your Docusign CLM account. You can [review the order in which
sites typically receive product features that get incrementally rolled
out](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=ttd1716521535621.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how Docusign releases product features incrementally to sites. This process provides a way to release product functionality efficiently on a fairly predictable schedule.").

## Example

**Examples of Identifying a Site ID for Your CLM Account**

The following examples describe how to identify a site ID:

- You log in to Docusign CLM. The address bar includes the
  text “uatna11.springcm.com.” You are in the UAT environment, and your site
  is na11.
- You log in to Docusign CLM. The address bar includes the
  text “s1.us.demo.clm.docusign.com.” You are in the UAT environment, and your
  site is s1.us.
