---
title: Upload a Document to Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=lbn1660168415318.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:28Z'
---

# Upload a Document to Docusign CLM

Learn how to upload a document to Docusign CLM.

Uploading a document to Docusign CLM enables a robust
set of features for document management. Once a document has been uploaded, users can
take advantage of all of the features available in Docusign CLM. Users can collaborate
through comments and pinpoints, move documents as needed, and send documents for
review.

Note:

- There are multiple methods for uploading a document to Docusign CLM. For
  more information on other methods for uploading a document, see [Additional Methods for Uploading Documents to Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=ahu1576610036723.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about the additional methods for uploading documents and content to Docusign CLM.").
- Folders cannot be uploaded using drag and drop into Docusign CLM.
- A maximum of 20 files can be uploaded using drag and drop.
- Uploads to Docusign CLM that are interrupted can be resumed under the
  following conditions:
  - Document name, file size, and modified date must match.
  - The document must be uploaded by the same user.
  - The document must be uploaded from the same browser.
  - The user must resume the upload within 72 hours.

1. Log on to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Documents from the navigation header.

   The Documents window displays.
3. To upload documents through the File menu:
   1. Navigate to the location or folder to upload the document, and select File  >  Upload.

      The Browse window displays, allowing you to select documents for
      upload.
   2. Select the documents you want to upload to Docusign. Once all documents
      have been chosen, select Open.
4. To upload documents through drag and drop:
   1. Locate the documents to upload to Docusign CLM on your computer.
   2. Navigate to the location or folder in Docusign CLM where you want to
      upload the documents.
   3. Drag the documents from the location on your computer onto the folder
      in Docusign CLM.

Docusign CLM begins uploading the selected documents to the
chosen directory. You have uploaded documents to Docusign CLM.
