---
title: Update My Profile in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=sgp1659723990769.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:26Z'
---

# Update My Profile in Docusign CLM

Learn how to update your profile in Docusign CLM. You can change your profile image,
name, email address, and contact information.

You can update your profile in Docusign CLM. For
example, you can change your profile image, name, email address, and contact
information.

Note: Integrations that are enabled by your
Docusign CLM administrator might lock some profile options. You see only the options
that are enabled by your Docusign CLM administrator.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select the user profile icon in the top right corner, and select
   Manage Profile.

   The My Profile page opens.
3. Update your profile image:
   1. Select Update in the Profile
      Image section.
   2. Browse for a new profile image, and select
      Save.

      You have successfully updated your profile image.
4. Update your display name:
   1. Select Update in the Name
      section.
   2. Edit your name as needed, and select Save.
5. Update your email address:
   1. Select Update in the Email
      Address section.
   2. Select Continue if you see a dialog with
      information.
   3. Update your email, select Send Code, and
      complete the verification process.
   4. Select Save when you have specified your new
      email.
6. Update your contact information:
   1. Select Update in the Contact
      Information section.
   2. Makes updates to the information, and select
      Save.

   You have successfully updated your profile in Docusign CLM. The product
   applies any changes to your profile picture, name, email address, and contact
   information.
