---
title: Annotate a Document With a Pinpoint in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=spm1576610174569.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:28Z'
---

# Annotate a Document With a Pinpoint in Docusign CLM

Learn how to use pinpoints to annotate documents in legacy document
preview.

Note: This documentation covers
legacy document preview experiences for Docusign CLM. As of July 1, 2025,
most customers have been upgraded to Document Review as their default document preview
experience in Docusign CLM. For more information on deprecation of
document preview experiences, see [Docusign Document Preview
Experience Changes FAQ](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ssg1729007411846&topicId=twq1729007565221.html&_LANG=enus). For more information on features and enhancements available in Document Review, see [Document Review in Docusign
CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=eyk1666363075054.html&_LANG=enus).

Users can annotate documents in Docusign CLM by using
pinpoints. This feature enables annotation on documents without changing the content of the
document itself.

1. Log on to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Documents from the navigation header.

   The Documents window displays.
3. Select the document to be annotated to open it in Document Preview.
4. Select Pinpoint, and choose a color for your pinpoint from the
   dropdown menu.
5. Choose a place in the document to add your annotation.

   A comment window displays.
6. Enter your comments. Once all comments have been entered, select
   Save.

   You have successfully left a pinpoint annotation on a document. Any users that
   view the document will be able to view the annotation.
