---
title: Incremental Rollout of Docusign CLM Features to Sites
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=ttd1716521535621.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:26Z'
---

# Incremental Rollout of Docusign CLM Features to Sites

Read about how Docusign releases product features incrementally to sites. This process provides a way to release product functionality efficiently on a fairly predictable schedule.

Around the world, Docusign hosts the following sites. These sites have datacenters that provide infrastructure to support the Docusign CLM application for a regional area.

- EU11 (Europe site)
- EU21 (Europe site)
- S1.EU (Europe site)
- S1.AU (Australia site)
- NA11 (North America site)
- NA21 (North America site)
- S1.US (North America site)
- S2.US (North America site)
- US11 (FedRAMP site for U.S. federal agencies)
- US12 (FedRAMP site for U.S. federal agencies)
- US13 (FedRAMP and IL4 site for U.S. federal agencies)

Docusign releases most product features incrementally to sites over a period of approximately 10 business days. Docusign typically releases a feature to sites in a specific order. The release to sites can start on the day after Production deployment. This process provides a way to release product functionality efficiently on a fairly predictable schedule. Docusign can also monitor the rollout and make adjustments to optimize the rollout process.

Note:

- Minor updates to existing features or functionality are not released by site. Instead, these items are made available to everybody by a certain date.
- The timing can vary for delivery of features to sites. Times and dates can change, depending on whether Docusign needs to pause a rollout or adjust a rollout.

## Order of Feature Rollout to Sites

Over approximately 10 business days, CLM product features typically get rolled out incrementally to sites in the following order.

Note:

- This documentation describes the typical rollout schedule and site order; however, some features might follow a different rollout, based on business needs.
- To determine which site your CLM account is associated with, you can [identify the site ID for your account](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=jnm1716521819984.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to identify the site (and region) that your Docusign CLM account is associated with. Identifying the site is useful to estimate when your site might receive product features that roll out incrementally.").

1. S1.AU
2. US12
3. US11
4. US13
5. EU21, EU11, and S1.EU
6. NA21 and S2.US
7. NA11 and S1.US

**Example:** If the rollout starts on a Monday, sites could receive the feature as follows:

1. S1.AU could receive the feature on Monday (day 1)
2. US12 could receive the feature on Tuesday (day 2)
3. US11 could receive the feature on Wednesday (day 3)
4. US13 could receive the feature on Thursday (day 4)
5. EU21, EU11, and S1.EU could receive the feature on Friday (day 5)
6. NA21 and S2.US could receive the feature on Monday (day 8)
7. NA11 and S1.US could receive the feature on Wednesday (day 10)
