---
title: Introduction to Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=wvf1659207612532.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:26Z'
---

# Introduction to Docusign CLM

Learn about Docusign CLM and how it consolidates every step of the contract process in
one secure location.

Docusign CLM is a contract lifecycle management tool that consolidates every step of the
contract process in one secure location. CLM also automates numerous tasks within these
steps, ultimately reducing risk and time to completion.

Docusign CLM Administration
:   Administrators are responsible for account and user management in Docusign CLM.
    Administrators also maintain product integrations and, in many cases, automated
    workflows and reporting. For more information about administrative features in
    Docusign CLM, see [Docusign CLM
    Admin Guide](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=jru1584137309649.html&_LANG=enus).

Docusign CLM for Users
:   In Docusign CLM, users manage documents through collaboration and tasks. Users can edit
    documents, initiate electronic signature, and send documents for external
    review. For more information about document management in Docusign CLM, see
    [Document Management in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=kwa1659209252162.html&_LANG=enus "Read about document management in Docusign CLM. Users with access to a document can perform actions to manage the document.").

Document Generation in Docusign CLM
:   Document Generation is the primary tool for generating new documents or uploading existing
    documents to launch new workflows in Docusign CLM. For more information about
    Document Generation, see [Docusign CLM
    Document Generation](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=uqj1643324072491&topicId=gjv1576610127258.html&_LANG=enus).

Workflows in Docusign CLM
:   In Docusign CLM, you can configure workflows to execute repeatable business processes. You
    can assemble and connect workflow steps that help automate manual tasks and
    manage complex processes. Adding automation to your business processes helps
    eliminate unnecessary risk and reduce errors. For more information about
    workflows in Docusign CLM, see [Docusign CLM
    Workflows Overview](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yks1643320936212&topicId=uxf1651607363522.html&_LANG=enus).

Reporting in Docusign CLM
:   Reporting in Docusign CLM lets you gather and analyze data from documents, workflows, and
    user actions. Reports can also be visualized or presented through charts by
    adding them as widgets in the Docusign CLM Dashboard. For more information about
    reporting in Docusign CLM, see [Reporting in
    Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lye1642705772274&topicId=ylb1584137317114.html&_LANG=enus).

Smart Rules in Docusign CLM
:   Smart rules in Docusign CLM automate actions on a folder or document based on events in that
    folder or with that document. For more information about smart rules, see [Smart Rules in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qaz1642962729191&topicId=yhx1576610044302.html&_LANG=enus).

Party Management in Docusign CLM
:   Party management in Docusign CLM allows users to view and upload contracts,
    capture data, and manage agreements per party. For more information about party
    management, see [Docusign CLM
    Party Management](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mjn1643378694283&topicId=kkx1602086130522.html&_LANG=enus).

Connectors and Integrations for Docusign CLM
:   Docusign CLM connectors allow you to share data between Docusign CLM and external systems.
    Save time through increased efficiency and avoid errors and risks associated
    with manual data entry. For more information about Docusign Connectors and
    Integrations for Docusign CLM, see [Docusign CLM Connectors for External
    Systems](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=alb1642965087302&topicId=qxq1617226904331.html&_LANG=enus).
