---
title: Use Microsoft 365 for the Web to Edit Documents in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xsc1651767174339.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:28Z'
---

# Use Microsoft 365 for the Web to Edit Documents in Docusign CLM

Learn how to make edits and changes to a document in Docusign CLM using Microsoft 365 for the Web.

Users with licenses of Microsoft 365 for the Web can use it to edit Docusign CLM documents. This enables users to make changes to documents without having to
leave their web browser. Changes to documents are uploaded as new versions of that
document.

Note:

- Salesforce users can also use this integration to make changes to
  documents. For more information about this integration in Salesforce, see [In-Browser Editing With Office
  365](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qob1643667997351&topicId=atn1576609990761.html&_LANG=enus).
- To use this feature, a Docusign CLM Administrator must enable the Docusign CLM Microsoft Office 365 integration. For more information about how to
  enable this integration, see [Enable the Microsoft 365 for the Web Connector in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=ykd1651766025252.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to enable the Microsoft Office 365 integration for Docusign CLM. Administrators can use these steps to allow Docusign CLM users to checkout, edit, and co-author documents online with Office 365.").
- This guide covers editing documents from Docusign CLM in Microsoft 365 for the Web. For information on editing documents using the App Center installation of Microsoft 365, see [Open a Document from Docusign CLM in Microsoft 365 (App Center)﻿](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=alb1642965087302&topicId=tsk8f6633b3-3e38-4439-91db-52314298e2b4.html&_LANG=enus).
- You must have an active license of Microsoft Office Online to use this
  feature.
- This feature only works with Microsoft Word documents (DOCX).

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Documents from the navigation header.

   The folder list displays.
3. Select a document.

   The document displays in Document Explorer.
4. Select Edit  >  Open With Microsoft 365 for the Web.

   The document opens in Microsoft 365 for the Web.
5. Sign in to Microsoft Office Online with your company credentials, if
   prompted.
6. Edit the selected document.
7. Once all changes have been made, select File  >  Save to save your work.

   You have made changes to a Docusign CLM document using Microsoft 365 for the Web. The document will be saved as a new version of the original
   document.
