---
title: Update Your Privacy and Security Settings in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=zsa1659726257051.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:33:26Z'
---

# Update Your Privacy and Security Settings in Docusign CLM

Learn how to update your privacy and security settings in Docusign CLM. These settings
provide control over authentication, passwords,recovery methods, and more.

Users can view and update their settings for privacy
and security in Docusign CLM. This includes account recovery options, passwords, account
verification, security certificates, and login activity.

Note: Integrations that are enabled by your Docusign CLM administrator might lock some
profile options. You see only options that are enabled by your Docusign CLM
administrator.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select the user profile icon in the top right corner, and select
   Manage Profile.

   The My Profile page opens.
3. Select Privacy & Security.
4. Manage your privacy and security settings as needed:

   Password
   :   Lets you update your Docusign CLM password and password questions. Select
       Change Password and then update your
       password and password questions, if necessary. You can then save
       your changes.

       Note: For more information about
       resetting your Docusign CLM password, see [Reset Your Password
       in Docusign CLM.](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=yax1576795525466.html&_LANG=enus)

   Passwordless Login
   :   Provides a toggle to enable or disable a passwordless login experience. To enable
       passwordless login, you must add a passkey or physical security key.
       If this experience is enabled, you can log in by using a passkey or
       a physical security key (with PIN) instead of a password.

       Note: For more information about login security
       options, see [Set Up Passwordless Login for Your
       Account](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=jux1643235969954&topicId=dzo1651694930392.html&_LANG=enus) and [Two-Step
       Verification](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=jux1643235969954&topicId=txt1578456659215.html&_LANG=enus).

   New Device Verification
   :   Provides a toggle to enable or disable the requirement to have an
       additional verification step for logins from a new device or
       browser.

   Two-Step Verification
   :   Provides a toggle to enable or disable the requirement to have a verification code,
       security key, or biometrics when logging in with a password.

   Verification Methods
   :   Lets you set up account recovery options through email, phone
       number, external authenticator apps, security keys, and
       biometrics.

   App Passwords
   :   Lets you set up an additional Docusign-generated app password for integrated apps. Select
       Generate App Password, and then add a
       custom name. You can then generate the app password.

   Recent Activity
   :   Lets you view your recent login activity. Select View to view your
       recent activity.

   Certificates
   :   Lets you set up public keys for SFTP interactions. Select Manage
       and then upload a public key.

       Note: For more
       information about uploading a public key to your Docusign CLM
       account, see [Upload a Public Key to Your Docusign CLM Account](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=uaw1659728754243.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to upload a public key to your Docusign CLM account for SFTP authentication.").

You have successfully updated security settings for your Docusign CLM account.
