---
title: Basic Field Properties
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=ugr1578456275295.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:11:16Z'
---

# Basic Field Properties

Read about the basic field properties.

- **Recipient:** Controls which recipient the field applies to. Use this property to change the recipient for a field tag.
- **Required Field:** Specifies if the field is required or optional. Required fields must be completed to finish signing. Only the following fields have this property: signature, initial, company, title, text, radio button, dropdown, and attachment. For more information, see the [Optional Fields](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=fna1578456503209.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
- **Add Text:** For text fields, you can enter the field contents to present to recipients. Apply the Read-Only property if you want to protect your entry. Set a character limit to control how many characters recipients can enter into the field.
- **Read Only:** Controls whether the recipient can edit the field. This applies to text, company, title, dropdown, checkbox, and radio button fields. As the sender, you can complete these fields and mark them as Read Only so recipients can view but not change the values. For more information, see the [Read-Only Fields](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=lek1578456504446.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
- **Formatting:** Defines the font family, size, color, and character styling. Your account administrator defines defaults for these settings, which you can change as needed for your document fields. For more information, see the [Sending Settings](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=bjh1583277352580.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
  - Text fields have a formatting option to hide entered text with asterisks, concealing the data. For more information, see the [Hidden Text Fields](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=nph1579822942291.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
  - For signature and initial fields, you can adjust the field size using the scale % property (50–100%).
- **Tooltip:** Shows tips that display when the recipient navigates over the field. This property does not have a character limit. Use [Preview mode](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=oeg1578456408976.html&_LANG=enus) to ensure that your tooltip will display properly for signers.
