---
title: eSignature Basic Terminology
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=ync1727285786817.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:11:16Z'
---

# eSignature Basic Terminology

Read about the basic Docusign eSignature terminology.

Here are some common terms that you will regularly see and use as a Docusign eSignature administrator or user:

**Account**

An account is a container for a Docusign customer (organization or individual) that holds envelopes, user memberships, templates, and other data. It provides access to services based on the subscription plan and its features, and is uniquely identified by an Account ID (GUID). A customer can have multiple accounts if needed.

**Account Administrator**

An Account Administrator configures and manages the account, serving as the technical point of contact. They handle policies like passwords and document retention, as well as user memberships, permissions, and envelopes. See the [Introduction to Account Administration](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=vkq1583277322201.html&_LANG=enus) guide for more information.

**Developer Account**

Developer accounts, or sandbox accounts, enable you to test features and APIs for free and create an Integrator Key for going to Production. They operate in the Docusign Demo environment, which is similar to the Production environment, but documents are not legally binding and expire after 30 days. Sandbox accounts do not expire and include enterprise features for thorough testing. Sign up for a free [developer Sandbox account](https://go.docusign.com/o/sandbox/?postActivateUrl=https://developers.docusign.com).

**Document**

A document is a digital file that is delivered, reviewed, and signed by one or more recipients. Documents are encrypted in the system and can be uploaded from user devices, cloud storage, or other sources. Docusign accepts most file types and stores them in PDF format. Multiple documents can be included in one envelope. See the [Add a Document to an Envelope](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=wpl1578456263594.html&_LANG=enus) guide for more information.

**Envelope**

An envelope is a package used to send documents and manage transactions. It holds documents, recipients, fields, and includes sender information, metadata, and timestamps. Envelopes have statuses (sent, delivered, completed, voided), and Docusign generates a Certificate of Completion with the full audit history.

**Field**

Fields are placed on documents in an envelope and assigned to specific recipients during signing. They include text boxes, radio buttons, checkboxes, and signature fields. These fields indicate where signatures are required, display information (like dates and organization names), or enable recipients to enter data. See the [Add Fields to Documents](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=jar1578456351432.html&_LANG=enus) guide for more information.

**Recipient**

Recipients of an envelope must complete fields placed in the document by the sender, including signature fields. Generally, they do not need a Docusign account to sign or participate, but certain recipient types or account settings may require login or additional authentication. See the [Add Recipients](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=jar1578456351432.html&_LANG=enus) guide for more information.

**Sender**

Senders are account members who create, send, and manage envelopes. They upload documents, add recipients, define routing orders, and place fields for recipients, among other tasks. See the [Sending Documents for Signature](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=lak1578456412477.html&_LANG=enus) guide for more information.

**Template**

Templates are a pre-set envelope containing documents, recipient roles, fields, and other business logic, serving as a reusable blueprint for Docusign workflows. Templates can range from simple one-signer, one-document setups to complex transactions with multiple recipients and documents. You can also apply multiple templates to the same envelope. See the [Working With Templates](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ulp1643236876813&topicId=dqj1578456412286.html&_LANG=enus) guide for more information.
