---
title: Build a Scheduled Rule in Docusign CLM to Automate Sending Documents to the
  Trash
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ajj1636262082417.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:47Z'
---

# Build a Scheduled Rule in Docusign CLM to Automate Sending Documents to the Trash

Learn how to build a scheduled smart rule in Docusign CLM. Administrators can build this
rule to move files to the trash folder on a schedule.

## Before you begin

[Build a schedule to trigger a
scheduled rule for trash removal](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=kjv1636412077513.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to build a schedule in Docusign CLM to help with trash removal. Administrators can use the schedule to trigger a rule that moves canceled contracts to the trash.").

After building a schedule, you can build a rule to move
canceled contracts to the trash on a schedule. This process provides automation to help
you remove unwanted documents and optimize account storage.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select  Smart Rules under Automation Tools.

   The Smart Rules page opens.
4. Select Rule > New Scheduled Rule.

   The Edit Scheduled Rule page opens.
5. Create a scheduled rule:

   1. Complete the following fields to define the rule:

      Name
      :   Specifies a descriptive name for the rule.

      Execute as
      :   Selects one of the following options for executing the
          rule:
          - your\_user\_name
            executes the rule by using your security
            rights.
          - Specific User executes the rule by using the security rights
            of the administrator whose name or email address you
            specify.

            Note: We recommend
            creating a generic CLM administrator to use for
            automation. This way, your automation processes
            are not tied to users who might leave or change
            roles.

      Action
      :   Select Move to Trash from the
          drop-down menu.

      Number of Days Old Without an Update
      :   Specifies a number of days.

      Select Folder
      :   Adds a folder or directory to which the rule applies. You
          must select this link, select the checkbox next to a folder
          or directory, and select the Select
          button.
   2. Select Save.

   A message indicates that the rule was saved successfully. The
   Smart Rules page opens, showing the rule with a
   disabled status.
6. Select the checkbox next to the rule, and select Rule > Enable.

   The status changes to Enabled.

You have finished the process of creating a schedule and scheduled
rule.

Files that match your parameters get automatically moved to the trash folder.
When the trash folder gets emptied, these files get permanently removed from all
Docusign servers. They no longer add to your account storage limits.
