---
title: Customize Document Types in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=atw1668442847363.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Customize Document Types in Docusign CLM

Learn how to create alternate names and remove visibility for document types in Docusign CLM.

In Docusign CLM, administrators can create alternate names for document types. When an
alternate name is assigned to a document type, the new name is displayed anywhere a
document’s Type is visible.

Users will be able to select the new document type when uploading documents. Customized
document types can also be selected when viewing documents in Document Review.
Documents that already exist in Docusign CLM will display the new
document type.

Note:

- Party management must be enabled to use custom document types. To enable party management,
  see [Enable or Disable Party
  Management in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mjn1643378694283&topicId=uva1603410757890.html&_LANG=enus).
- Changing a document type’s name will not change the document’s
  classification. For more information about document classes, see [Document Types
  in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=pls1666892322322.html&_LANG=enus).
- If a document type has an alternate name assigned, all existing documents of that type
  display the alternate name.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Document Types under Documents &
   Folders.

   The Document Types page opens.
4. Select Edit.

   The Document Types page displays fields for
   Alternate Name and Visibility for each document type.
5. Choose a document type, and enter an alternate name.
6. Select Save, or select Cancel to
   abandon all changes.

   You have assigned an alternate name to a document type in Docusign
   CLM. Users can select the customized document type when uploading documents or
   making changes in Document Review.
