---
title: View Unassigned Tasks and Assign Them in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ayh1727214998188.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# View Unassigned Tasks and Assign Them in Docusign CLM

Learn how to view and make assignments for unassigned tasks in Docusign CLM. Task group members can access an Unassigned view to see
unassigned tasks, claim tasks, and assign tasks.

## Before you begin

Select Enable updated task management page
on the Account Settings page.

In Docusign CLM, task group members can access an
Unassigned view on the Tasks page. In
this view, you quickly see how many unassigned tasks exist for your task groups. You
can also claim tasks or assign tasks in the view.

Note:

- If you are not a member of a task group, you do not see the
  Unassigned view.
- If no unassigned tasks exist, you do not see the Unassigned view.
- You cannot manage the assignment of a task that was created by adding a
  comment to a document. For this type of task, you must select the task item
  to manage the comment in the document.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Tasks in the navigation header.

   The Tasks page opens.
3. Select Select Task View > Unassigned.

   Tip: The view name is followed by a number, which indicates
   the number of unassigned tasks for the task group.

   The Unassigned view opens.
4. (Optional) Manage tasks as needed:
   1. Select one or more tasks.
   2. Perform any of the following actions:
   - Select Claim to assign a task to yourself.
   - Select Assign, and choose another member of your task group
     to assign a task to.

You are finished viewing and making assignments for unassigned tasks.
