---
title: Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=bbl1576609938274.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM.CM

Read about the SFTP self-service for CLM.CM. Super administrators can use SFTP for
moving documents or folders between a local data source and CLM.CM.

Important:

- SFTP for Docusign CLM.CM is self-service.
- Docusign does not provide or recommend SFTP client applications.
- This topic applies to Docusign CLM.CM. For more information about SFTP for Docusign CLM,
  see [Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=lam1619202914294.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how to connect an SFTP client to Docusign CLM for secure uploads and backups."). To determine which kind of Docusign CLM account
  you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM Account
  Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

Secure file transfer protocol (SFTP) enables movement of documents or folders between a local
data source and Docusign CLM. You can use SFTP for uploading and downloading within Docusign CLM, or to move documents across different folders. SFTP is used to migrate documents to and
from Docusign CLM for batches of files between 30MB and 1GB in size. To learn more about
limitations for SFTP in Docusign CLM.CM, see [SFTP Limitations in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=osg1576609938920.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about the limitations of SFTP for Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM.CM.").

Folder structure hierarchy is maintained when using SFTP. When moving parent folders with
child sub-folders, folder structure will be kept intact through the move. SFTP should not be
used to delete files or folders. When deleting documents using SFTP, files will automatically
be disassociated from the origin folder. This is a feature of SFTP clients, not Docusign CLM.CM. If you delete a folder with many files, you will see the folder separately from the
files in the trash folder.

Your username in Docusign CLM.CM must be unique among all accounts when using SFTP. If your
username is used for multiple logins in Docusign CLM.CM, you must either change your username
or use a different email address.

To use SFTP with Docusign CLM.CM, you will need to install an SFTP client. Please consult
with your IT administrator to choose an SFTP client that is compliant with your
organization.

Note: There are known issues with WinSCP's SFTP client, specifically the
“resumable file upload” feature. Using this feature may result in fragmented or duplicate
uploads, or loss of data. Docusign is not responsible for issues that may occur when uploading
files with this feature enabled.
