---
title: Account Settings in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ben1576795526371.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Account Settings in Docusign CLM

Read about each of the account settings available in Docusign
CLM.

Administrators can configure Docusign CLM account settings by selecting
Admin from the navigation header. Docusign CLM
administrators can configure options and settings in each of these sections.

Note: This topic applies to Docusign CLM. To determine
which kind of Docusign CLM account you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

## Automation Tools

- Document Generation: enables users to generate documents based on
  templates. For more information about Document Generation, see [Document Generation in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=uqj1643324072491&topicId=gjv1576610127258.html&_LANG=enus).
- eForms: allows for creation of web-based forms for document and
  data submission.
- Reminder Templates: allows creation of pre-defined document
  reminder criteria, based on document name, recipients, and other categories.
- Schedules: enables setup of scheduled rules for document
  management.
- Smart Rules: allows for setup of automated actions on folders or
  documents based on events that occur in folders or documents. For more information about
  Smart Rules, see [Smart Rules in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qaz1642962729191&topicId=yhx1576610044302.html&_LANG=enus).
- Workflows: allows for automation of complex processes, including
  document generation and review. For more information about workflows, see the
  documentation for [Docusign CLM Workflows Overview](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yks1643320936212&topicId=uxf1651607363522.html&_LANG=enus).

## Documents & Folders

- Attributes: metadata tags and groups that can be applied to a
  document, enabling categorization and easier search. For more information about document
  attributes, see [Document Attribute Groups in Docusign
  CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lun1683559393884&topicId=rxl1576795529933.html&_LANG=enus).
- Attribute Import Mappings: create an XML or CSV spreadsheet map
  for importing documents and their related attributes. For more information about attribute
  import mapping, see [Create an
  Attribute Import Mapping in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lun1683559393884&topicId=ioi1576795526609.html&_LANG=enus).
- Auto Numbers: used to automatically assign a unique identifier to
  a document at upload or ingestion into Docusign CLM. For more
  information about auto number attributes, see [Auto Number Attributes in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lun1683559393884&topicId=xbk1576610116403.html&_LANG=enus).
- Document & Folder Settings: used to configure settings for
  user interactions with documents and folders.
- Document Types: used to change name and visibility of document
  types in Docusign CLM. For more information about document types, see
  [Document Classification in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ycb1666892024625.html&_LANG=enus).
- Document Access: enables administrators to grant or revoke user
  group access to specified document types.
- Inbound Email Addresses: enables setup of an inbound email
  connection for emailing documents directly to Docusign CLM.

## User Management

- Users: view and manage all user profiles in Docusign CLM.
- Groups: view and manage all user groups in Docusign CLM.
- Task Groups: view and manage all task groups in Docusign CLM.
- Delegated Permissions: enables creation of custom permission
  profiles for users in Docusign CLM.

## Account Management

- Account Settings: general settings for your Docusign CLM account, including language, region settings, and feature
  enablement.
- Branding: customization options for Docusign
  CLM, including logos and colors.
- Deployment: create and configure deployment packages for your
  account.
- Navigation & Actions: customize the navigation header and
  actions menu for Docusign CLM users.
- Security Settings: setup security options, such as
  authentication, timeout length, two-factor authentication, and sharing settings.

## Integrations

- System Domains: set resource URLs for connecting or
  authenticating with third-party integrated applications.
- Manage Domains: add or remove domains for access to Docusign CLM.
- Connections: enables administrators to add third-party apps to
  Docusign CLM.
- **Docusign Analyzer**: enables administrators to connect their Docusign CLM instance to Docusign Analyzer.
