---
title: Types of Administrators in Docusign CLM and CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=cjc1583426236868.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Types of Administrators in Docusign CLM and CLM.CM

Read about the types of administrators in Docusign CLM and CLM.CM.

Docusign CLM administration is divided between two personas:

- Organization administrators
- CLM administrators

## Organization Administrators

Org administrator CLM permission profiles are automatically created during account
provisioning. Org administrators perform the following CLM setup activities:

- Account management

  Examples include creating an account; adding or assigning a CLM Admin user; or enabling the
  CLM application for the CLM administrator.

- User management in a CLM account

  Examples include adding new users; enabling the CLM
  application for users; or adding the CLM User (or CLM Viewer) permission
  profile.
- Group management in a CLM account

  Examples include creating new groups in Docusign Admin;
  adding users to groups; or editing existing groups.

## Types of Administrators in Docusign CLM

The following type of administrator exists in Docusign CLM:

CLM Admin
:   Acts as an administrator of the CLM account. This profile is not the same profile as an
    organization administrator but can be the same user. the account must have
    at least one CLM Admin persona.

## Types of Administrators in CLM.CM

The following types of administrators exist in CLM.CM:

User Administrator
:   Acts as a delegate role for some administrative tasks. User administrators can manage
    users, manage mailing lists, and administer some account-level preferences.
    User administrators *cannot* create or edit security groups. An account
    can have multiple user administrators.

Super Administrator
:   Acts as the highest-level administrator in your account. Super administrators can access
    everything in your Docusign CLM repository, including all users' home
    folders. Use this role for designating a repository administrator. An
    account can have multiple super administrators.
