---
title: Enable or Disable Unified Task Management in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=cqr1750686934502.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# Enable or Disable Unified Task Management in Docusign CLM

Learn how to enable or disable unified task management in Docusign
CLM. Administrators enable this experience to give users one view to manage tasks across Docusign applications.

CLM administrators can enable or disable unified task management for their CLM accounts. This
task experience gives users one central view to manage tasks across Docusign applications.

When unified task management is active, selecting Tasks in the
navigation header opens the unified task view.

Note: If unified task management is active, the following items are removed
from the account:

- “Set the value for Return to Inbox flag for all users in the account”
  account setting
- “Return to your inbox after completing a task” account preference
- “Set Homepage” checkbox for the “Tasks page” listing on the
  Navigation and Actions page

Use this procedure to enable or disable unified task management for a CLM account.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Account Settings under Account Management.

   The Account Settings page opens.
4. Perform one of the following actions on the Enable
   unified task management page setting:
   - Select the checkbox to turn on unified task management.
   - Clear the checkbox to turn off unified task management.
5. Select Save.

You are finished managing unified task management for the CLM
account.
