---
title: Create and Enable an eForm in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=cww1609857432071.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Create and Enable an eForm in Docusign CLM

Learn how to create and enable an eForm in Docusign CLM.

Administrators and Super Administrators can create
eForms that are available to Docusign CLM users.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator or super
   administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select eForms under Automation Tools.
4. Select Create to create a new eForm.

   The eForm creation page displays.
5. Provide a name for your eForm in the Name field.
6. Choose attribute fields to use in the eForm:
   1. Select the checkbox for Show Attribute
      Groups.
   2. Select the + next to the attribute group to
      expand it, and select your desired attribute fields.
7. Once all attribute groups have been added, select Generate Sample
   Form.

   HTML for your eForm is displayed in the Form
   HTML: field.
8. (Optional) Select Append Attachment Control to allow
   attachments to be submitted with your eForm.
9. (Optional) Select Append Selected Fields to add
   additional attribute fields.
10. Select Preview to view a sample of the form.
11. Once all options have been selected, select Save.

    The eForm is saved, and the eForms screen displays.
12. Enable the eForm for submission:
    1. Select the checkbox for the eForm you want to enable for
       submission.
    2. Select Allow Submission.

       The eForm is updated with a status of May
       Submit.
13. Choose a folder to store completed eForms:
    1. Select the checkbox for the eForm you want to enable for
       submission.
    2. Select Set Submit Folder.

       The folder selection window displays.
    3. Navigate to your desired folder.
    4. Select the checkbox for your desired submission folder, and then select
       Select.

    The eForms page now shows an assigned submit folder. You have
    successfully created an eForm and enabled it for submission.
