---
title: Add Custom Clauses for Document Generation in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=dbr1670949429363.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Add Custom Clauses for Document Generation in Docusign CLM

Learn how to use a custom clause library for document generation in Docusign CLM.
Administrators can add clauses to a document generation form to use preapproved
content.

After an administrator creates a library containing
custom clauses, you can use clauses in document generation forms in Docusign CLM. Adding
clauses to a form lets you use preapproved content during document generation.

Note: To insert a custom clause into a document generation form, you
must have the correct permissions granted by a CLM administrator. For more
information, see [Limited
Administrative Permissions with Delegated Permissions in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=bra1576610051531.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. [Build a document
   generation form](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=uqj1643324072491&topicId=sul1576610133098.html&_LANG=enus) or open an existing form.

   The product opens a form for you to work on.
3. Select Add Field > Term.

   The term field displays on the form. The product displays the
   Properties tab for the new field.
4. Specify a name, optional tooltip content, and clause library:
   1. Specify a unique name in the Field Name
      field.
   2. (Optional) Specify a value for Help Text to
      display as a tooltip for the clause in the document generation
      form.
   3. Select a clause library under Which Term?.

      The product populates the field on the form with content from
      the chosen library.
5. Customize the term field on the form by performing any of the following actions
   as needed:

   - Select the option that displays the desired clause if multiple options
     are available.
   - Select the field and drag it to another location on the form.
6. (Optional) Configure the remaining properties for the term field as
   needed:
   1. Select Add Conditions to set display conditions
      for the clause.
   2. Select the Show Option Text checkbox to display
      the text of the clause.
   3. Select the Show Option Notes checkbox to display
      any notes that exist for the clause.
   4. Select the Option Text is Editable checkbox to
      allow users to edit the clause text of a generated document.
7. Select Save.

   You have added a custom clause to a document generation form. You can add more
   clauses to the form as needed.
