---
title: Create a Custom Clause Library with Clauses in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=dlc1670948155014.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Create a Custom Clause Library with Clauses in Docusign CLM

Learn how to create a custom clause library with clauses in Docusign CLM. Administrators
can create the library with clauses to use as pre-approved language during document
creation.

Docusign CLM administrators can create custom clause
libraries that contain clauses. The custom clause library gets created as an SXTERM
file. You can access the library and use clauses in document generation and Microsoft
Office 365.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Documents in the navigation header.

   The Documents panel opens.
3. Select the folder where the clause library will be stored.
4. Select File  >  Create  >  New Term.

   A dialog opens for you to name the clause library.
5. Enter a name for the new library, and select OK.

   A page opens where you can create options that define the clauses for
   the library. On the Options tab, you can see clauses as you
   create them.
6. Define each clause for the library:
   1. Select Add Option.
   2. Specify a clause name in the field at the top to replace the default
      "New Option" text.
   3. Specify the clause content in the Option Text
      field.
   4. (Optional) Specify any notes about the clause in the Option
      Notes field.
   5. Select Save.

      The product saves your clause in the clause
      library.
7. (Optional) Select the Attributes tab to edit attributes
   or assign CLM attribute groups to the clause library.
8. Select Save to save any changes.

   You have successfully created a clause library with
   clauses.
