---
title: Customize the Global Actions Menu in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=eal1576610028402.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Customize the Global Actions Menu in Docusign CLM

Learn how to customize the Actions menu in Docusign CLM. Administrators can add custom
actions to the menu to help users save time when executing common tasks.

Administrators and Super Administratrors can add
additional custom actions to the Actions menu in Docusign CLM. These
custom actions can be designed to save your users time when executing common tasks.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator or super
   administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Navigation & Actions under Account Management.
4. In the Who is this for? dropdown menu, select Account
   Default.
5. In the What are you customizing? dropdown menu, select
   User Navigation Header.
6. Select Actions Menu.
7. Select New Action.

   The Add New Custom Action window displays.
8. Select options for your new custom action:
   1. Enter a name for your new custom action in the Action Name
      field.
   2. (Optional) Provide a description for your custom action in the
      Description field.
   3. Select a language for your custom action in the Language for this
      action dropdown.
   4. Choose options for what your custom action does from the What should
      this action do? dropdown.
   5. Choose how your custom action displays additional windows and modals from the
      Open this action in: dropdown.
   6. Select an icon for your custom action from the What icon should
      represent this action? dropdown. You can also provide a URL for a custom
      icon by selecting Enter icon image URL.
   7. Select the checkbox for Pass user information with this
      action to log user data when the custom action is selected.
9. Select Save.

   You have successfully created a custom action in Docusign CLM.
   Users will see this action as an available option from the Actions
   menu.
