---
title: Import Bulk Metadata
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ecc1576795527528.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Import Bulk Metadata

Read about the Import Bulk Metadata action in Docusign CLM. Administrators use this
action to assign attribute values to up to 500 documents without the need for manual
entry.

Import Bulk Metadata, an action that can be done using a Smart Rule, lets Docusign CLM Administrators assign unique attribute values to up to 500 documents at a time without having a person manually enter document attributes. It is a multi-step process which requires you to create an input data file (typically a CSV), an Attribute Import Mapping, and a Document Rule.

Bulk Metadata Import is used when many unique attributes need to be applied to many documents at the same time. All the files to be updated must be in the same folder for this functionality to work, as This functionality is not meant for applying attributes to files across multiple folders.

Bulk Metadata Import, an action possible through use of a Smart Rule, enables CLM
administrators to assign unique attribute values to up to 500 documents at a time without
manually entering document attributes. It is a multi-step process which requires you to create
an input data file (typically a CSV), an Attribute Import Mapping, and a Document Rule.

Bulk Metadata Import is used when many unique attributes need to be applied to many documents at the same time. All the files to be updated must be in the same folder for this functionality to work, as This functionality is not meant for applying attributes to files across multiple folders.

This method is frequently used during migration of documents from another system to Docusign CLM.

## Pre-requisites

- Before configuring the CSV, Document Rule, and Mapping, ensure all attributes and
  attributes groups are created and formatted as they will display in the CSV file. Refer to
  the knowledge article Creating and Managing Attribute Groups for more information.
- Upload the documents in bulk into only one folder (i.e., later you will upload the CSV
  file to this same folder). Documents can be uploaded in bulk via any upload method.
  Docusign recommends using SFTP when uploading a large number of documents.
