---
title: Account Security in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=egv1576610024911.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# Account Security in Docusign CLM

Read about features and settings for account security in Docusign CLM.

Note: This topic applies to Docusign CLM. To find out which version of
Docusign CLM you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM
Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

Administrators can set a number of options for security in Docusign CLM
that apply to all users. Administrators can set control options for session timeouts, sharing,
and prevention of clickjack exploits.

Administrators can access further account security options in Docusign Admin. Options are
available for single-sign on (SSO) configuration, password security, and others. For more
information about Docusign Admin, see [Introduction to Docusign Admin](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=oum1583359129731.html&_LANG=enus).

The following security options are available to administrators in Docusign CLM:

Session
:   Determines how long a user can be logged on and idle before being logged out of Docusign CLM. You set a value for the Idle Session
    Timeout field.

Clickjack Protection
:   Prevents Docusign CLM from being run in a frame, unless that frame is
    from a safelisted domain or IP. Administrators can set up domains that can run Docusign CLM in a frame.

Sharing
:   Controls whether users can publicly share documents and folders with individuals who are
    not members of your Docusign CLM organization.
