---
title: Create an Explicit Schedule in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=enl1576795548179.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Create an Explicit Schedule in Docusign CLM

Learn how to create an explicit schedule in Docusign CLM.
Administrators can use schedules for explicit document-management events.

Docusign CLM administrators can use
schedules for explicit document-management events. An administrator can create an explicit
schedule and run smart rules on an explicit date and time.

Note: For more
information about smart rules, see the documentation about [Smart Rules in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=yhx1576610044302.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Schedules under Automation Tools.

   The Schedules page opens.
4. Select Schedule > New.

   A Create Schedule page opens.
5. Define your explicit schedule:
   1. Specify a name for the schedule.

      A descriptive name helps you choose correctly when using a schedule selection
      drop-down.
   2. (Optional) Specify a description for the schedule.
   3. Enter a date in the first date field under Effective Between
      (the field on the left) in the following format

      mm/dd/yyyy

      Note: If you specify a date in the second date field (the field
      on the right), the date gets removed. This date is unnecessary because you are not
      configuring a recurring schedule.
   4. Specify a time value in the Start Time field in the
      following format:

      hh:mm:ss AM|PM

      Note: You will need to adjust the time so that it is entered in
      Central Standard Time. This time will not automatically adjust for your time zone or
      daylight saving time).
6. Select Save.

You have successfully created an explicit schedule in Docusign CLM.
