---
title: Use Manual Entry to Set Up Two-Step Verification for Your User Profile in CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=fba1585348730841.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:47Z'
---

# Use Manual Entry to Set Up Two-Step Verification for Your User Profile in CLM.CM

Learn how to use manual entry to set up two-step verification in CLM.CM.

## Before you begin

- [Enable Two-Step Verification for Your User Profile in
  CLM.CM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=oou1585347035068.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to enable two-step verification for your user profile in CLM.CM.").
- Download the Google Authenticator app to your device ([Android](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/1066447?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en) or [iOS](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/1066447?co=GENIE.Platform%3DiOS&hl=en)).

When you set up two-step verification, you can use manual entry instead of scanning a QR
code.

1. Specify your credentials on the login page for your CLM.CM account, and select
   Log In.

   The product prompts you to begin setting up two-step
   verification.
2. Select your device type (Android or
   iOS), and select Next.

   The product displays a page with a QR code (barcode).
3. Select **Use manual entry instead**.

   The product displays a page that shows a setup key.
4. Specify the setup key in the Google Authenticator app:
   1. Open the Google Authenticator app, and select **Enter a setup
      key**.
   2. Enter your email address in the Account
      field.
   3. Enter the setup key in the Key field.
   4. Ensure that Time based is selected for the
      drop-down.
   5. Select Add.
5. Select Next on the CLM.CM page that displays the setup
   key.

   The product prompts you to verify a code from the Google Authenticator
   app.
6. Enter the six-digit code from the app into the Verification
   Code field on the CLM.CM page, and select **Verify**.

The product logs you on. Each time you log on afterward, you must
get a verification code from the Google Authenticator app.
