---
title: Set a Default Monetary Currency for Your Docusign CLM Account
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=fdq1695652507021.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Set a Default Monetary Currency for Your Docusign CLM Account

Learn how to set a default monetary currency for a CLM account. Administrators can use
these steps to configure the account setting and support their international use cases
around the world.

## Before you begin

Party management must be enabled. For
information about enablement, see the documentation about [enabling or disabling party management in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mjn1643378694283&topicId=uva1603410757890.html&_LANG=enus).

With party management enabled, an administrator can set a default monetary currency for a CLM
account. Making this change allows administrators to support international use cases
around the world.

Important: Changing the default currency (USD) changes only the display of the
currency in your account. The change does not update the actual
contract value. Converting currencies must be done manually.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Admin from the navigation header.

   The Admin panel displays.
3. Select Account Settings under Account Management.
4. Select one of the following values from the Default
   Currency drop-down list in the Localization section:

   - AUD (Australian dollar)
   - BRL (Brazilian real)
   - CAD (Canadian dollar)
   - EUR (European Union euro)
   - GBP (British pound sterling)
   - JPY (Japanese yen)
   - MXN (Mexican peso)
   - USD (United States dollar) (Default)
5. Select Save.

   You have set the default currency for your CLM account. The specified
   currency now shows up in the following areas of the product:
   - Document previews
   - Party 360 summary page under Parties
   - Agreement summary page under Parties
   - Upload forms for party documents
