---
title: Use SFTP to Connect to Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=fgy1619203740592.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Use SFTP to Connect to Docusign CLM

Learn how to use SFTP to connect to Docusign CLM.

## Before you begin

[Upload Public Key for SFTP Authentication in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=yva1619203531519.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to upload your public key for SFTP authentication in Docusign CLM.")

Administrators can connect to Docusign CLM using an
SFTP client.

Important:

- Docusign does not provide keypairs for SFTP authentication. If you need
  assistance in creating or managing keypairs for your SFTP configuration,
  please contact your account team regarding our Professional Services
  offerings.
- This topic applies to Docusign CLM. For more information about SFTP for Docusign CLM.CM,
  see [Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM.CM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=bbl1576609938274.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the SFTP self-service for CLM.CM. Super administrators can use SFTP for moving documents or folders between a local data source and CLM.CM."). To determine which kind of
  Docusign CLM account you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM
  Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log on to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin from the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Navigate to Integrations  >  System Domains.
4. Copy the URL in the SFTP: field.

   Note: The SFTP URL is specific to your Docusign CLM
   account.
5. In your SFTP client, set up a new connection.
6. Set SFTP as the protocol to use.
7. Enter the Host Name as your SFTP URL from step 4.
8. Enter the Port Number as 22.
9. Associate your Private Key with the connection.

   You have successfully connected to your Docusign CLM account using SFTP. You may now
   view, upload, and download files.

   Note:
   - If any folder within the account meets or exceeds 10,000 objects,
     the folder will not be accessible through SFTP. Please contact
     Customer Support for further assistance.
   - Documents cannot be placed in the root directory. Navigate to a
     desired folder to upload or download documents.
