---
title: Writeback to Salesforce in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=fmj1603412942224.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Writeback to Salesforce in Docusign CLM

Learn about Writeback in Docusign CLM. Administrators use Writeback to ensure Salesforce fields and objects stay in sync with Word documents that get generated by CLM and use Salesforce data.

Note: This documentation covers legacy document preview experiences for Docusign CLM. As of July 1, 2025, most customers have been upgraded to Document Review as their default document preview experience in Docusign CLM. For more information on deprecation of document preview experiences, see [Docusign Document Preview Experience Changes FAQ](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ssg1729007411846&topicId=twq1729007565221.html&_LANG=enus). For more information on features and enhancements available in Document Review, see [Document Review in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=eyk1666363075054.html&_LANG=enus).

Writeback helps ensure that Salesforce data fields and objects stay in sync with Word documents that get generated by Docusign CLM and use Salesforce data. For example, a document can change during a workflow or during negotiation. In these situations, Writeback alerts users when Salesforce and the document have fields that do not match. Users can then update Salesforce.

Note: To use Writeback, you must meet the following requirements:

- You must have Salesforce integrated with Docusign CLM. For information about setting up an integration with Salesforce, see  [Docusign CLM for Salesforce Administrator Overview](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ysk1643667858834&topicId=evq1576795556979.html&_LANG=enus).
- You must configure document generation forms in Docusign CLM. For information about these forms, see [Document Generation Forms in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=uqj1643324072491&topicId=rsb1576795539656.html&_LANG=enus).

Writeback uses the Data Reconciliation workflow step to simplify the data reconciliation process between CLM and Salesforce. Using this step provides a task in the CLM interface that allows users to resolve mismatches and update Salesforce.
