---
title: Enable Interactive Preview for Documents in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=fwa1634228087148.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Enable Interactive Preview for Documents in Docusign CLM

Enable interactive preview in Docusign CLM to allow for commenting.

Note: This documentation covers legacy document preview experiences for Docusign CLM. As of July 1, 2025, most customers have been upgraded to Document Review as their default document preview experience in Docusign CLM. For more information on deprecation of document preview experiences, see [Docusign Document Preview Experience Changes FAQ](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ssg1729007411846&topicId=twq1729007565221.html&_LANG=enus). For more information on features and enhancements available in Document Review, see [Document Review in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=eyk1666363075054.html&_LANG=enus).

To enable collaboration through commenting on documents in Docusign CLM, an administrator must enable interactive preview.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator, and select Admin from the navigation header.

   The Docusign CLM Admin page opens.
2. In the left-side panel, under Documents & Folders, select Document & Folder Settings.

   The Document & Folder Settings window opens in the right-side panel.
3. Under the drop-down for Default Document Viewing Format, select Interactive Preview.
4. Select Save.

   Interactive preview is now set as the default document preview format.

## Next steps

**What to do next:**  [Enable the Updated Task Management Page in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=dtn1607108809778.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to enable the updated task management page in Docusign CLM. Administrators can enable this page, which has a modern layout.")
