---
title: Create Delegated Permissions in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=hyn1576610087430.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Create Delegated Permissions in Docusign CLM

Learn how to use delegated permissions to assign administrative permissions.
Administrators can use these steps to create delegated permissions and enable them for Docusign CLM users.

Administrators can assign limited administrative
permissions to CLM users. Users with delegated permissions have access to specific assigned
administrative functions. Delegated permissions give your organization flexibility when
managing work in CLM.

Note:

- In Docusign CLM, administrators can assign delegated permissions only to users with
  the CLM User permission profile.
- In CLM.CM, super administrators can assign delegated permissions only to CLM users
  with the Full Subscriber permission profile.
- To see what CLM account type you have, see the topic [Identify Your Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Select Admin from the navigation header.

   The Admin sidebar opens.
2. Select Delegated Permissions under User
   Management.

   The Delegated Permissions page opens.
3. Select New Delegated Permission.

   The Add Delegated Permission page opens.
4. Enter a name for the new delegated permission.
5. Select the boxes next to the administrative areas that you want to grant.
6. Select Save.

The delegated permission is now available from the
Delegated Permissions page.

## Next steps

**What to do next:**

- [Assign Delegated Permissions to a User in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=puh1576610087652.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to use delegated permissions to assign administrative permissions. Administrators can use these steps to create delegated permissions and enable them for Docusign CLM users.")
