---
title: Transfer a Component Package to a Destination CLM Account
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=jib1576609934581.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:49Z'
---

# Transfer a Component Package to a Destination CLM Account

Learn how to transfer and unpack a component package in Docusign CLM.

## Before you begin

[Create a Component Package in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=pgv1576609934376.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to package Docusign CLM account components for transfer to another CLM account. Folders and attribute groups are examples of components that an adminisrator can package.")

Administrators can transfer a component package to a destination CLM account. With this
process, you can move account components between environments. Examples are as follows:

- You can move components from a UAT environment to a Production environment.
- You can move components from one account to another account within the same environment
  (such as Production).

You can use any transfer method. This procedure performs the transfer by using the Docusign CLM user interface. You can also use the Secure File Transfer
Protocol (SFTP) to perform the transfer.

Note:

- To access the package, you need at least View and Edit privileges on the .spackage
  file. To install the package, you must be a CLM administrator.
- The package cannot be edited in the destination account. If the package
  requires corrections, you must create a new package in the source account.

To transfer the package, perform the following steps:

1. Download the component package that you want to transfer:
   1. Log in to the source CLM environment where you [created the package](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=pgv1576609934376.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to package Docusign CLM account components for transfer to another CLM account. Folders and attribute groups are examples of components that an adminisrator can package.").
   2. Browse to the location of the .spackage file, and download the file locally.
2. Log in to the destination Docusign CLM account where you want to
   install the package.
3. Select Documents in the navigation header.

   The Documents page opens.
4. Browse to an upload location.
5. Upload the .spackage file:
   1. Select File > Upload.
   2. Browse to where you downloaded the file from the source environment.
   3. Select the file, and select Open.

      The product uploads the file to your desired location.
6. Double-click the file name and wait for a page to open where you can install the
   package.

   The product unpacks the file’s data. After several seconds, a deployment page
   opens. You are ready to install the package.
7. Select Install.

   A green banner message indicates that the package was submitted for
   installation. You will receive an email that indicates whether installation was successful
   or errors occurred.

If installation is successful, you can access any transferred
components in the destination CLM account. If you make changes to transferred components, you
can install the package again to restore the original package. You can install the package as
many times as needed.

If you need assistance with resolving errors, contact Docusign Support.
