---
title: Create a Public Share Link on a Folder in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=kad1653593854287.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Create a Public Share Link on a Folder in Docusign CLM

Learn how to create a public share link for a folder in Docusign CLM. Administrators can
use a public link to share documents with non-CLM users.

Creating a public share link on a folder in Docusign CLM enables documents and resources
to be shared with non-CLM users.

Note: You must be a Docusign CLM
Administrator or have delegated permissions to create public share links. For more
information about delegated permissions, see [Limited Administrative Permissions with Delegated Permissions in
Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=bra1576610051531.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log on to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Documents in the navigation header.

   The folder list displays.
3. Select the dropdown menu for the folder you want to share, and choose Send  >  Share Link.
4. Choose Make a Public Link, and select your
   options:
   1. Select the checkbox for Allow downloads to
      enable downloads of documents.
   2. Select the checkbox for Allow PDF downloads to
      enable downloads of PDF document.
   3. Select the date picker to choose an expiry date for the public
      link.
5. Share your public link:
   1. Copy the link URL to enable copy-paste sharing.
   2. Select Send to send the public link in an email
      through Docusign CLM.

   You have created a public link for a folder in Docusign CLM.
