---
title: Account Settings in CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=kgf1576610025181.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Account Settings in CLM.CM

Read about each of the account settings available in CLM.CM.

Super administrators can configure CLM.CM account settings by selecting
Admin from the navigation header. CLM.CM super administrators can
configure options and settings in each of these sections.

Note: This topic applies to CLM.CM. To determine which kind of CLM account
you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM Account
Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

## Automation Tools

- Document Generation: enables users to generate documents and
  initiate review processes. Access Configurations, Forms, Form Field Libraries, and
  Settings here.
- eForms: allows for creation of web-based forms for document and
  data submission.
- Reminder Templates: allows creation of pre-defined document
  reminder criteria, based on document name, recipients, and other categories.
- Schedules: enables setup of scheduled rules for document
  management.
- Smart Rules: allows for setup of automated actions on folders or
  documents based on events that occur in folders or documents..
- Workflows: allows for automation of complex processes, including
  document generation and review.

## Documents & Folders

- Attributes: metadata tags and groups that can be applied to a
  document, enabling categorization and easier search.
- Attribute Import Mappings: create an XML or CSV spreadsheet map
  for importing documents and their related attributes.
- Auto Numbers: used to automatically assign a unique identifier to
  a document at upload or ingestion into CLM.CM.
- Document & Folder Settings: used to configure settings for
  user interactions with documents and folders.
- Document Types: used to change name and visibility of document
  types in Docusign CLM. For more information about document types, see
  [Document Classification in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ycb1666892024625.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about the different types of document types in Docusign CLM. Administrators can enable custom document types, and make changes to the visibility of document types.").
- Inbound Email Addresses: enables setup of an inbound email
  connection for emailing documents directly to CLM.CM.
- Inbound Fax Lines: enables setup of an inbound fax line for
  faxing documents directly to CLM.CM.

## User Management

- Users: view all user profiles, and add, create, import, and
  export users.
- Groups: view all security groups, and add, create, edit, and
  delete groups.
- Task Groups: view and manage all task groups.
- Delegated Permissions: create custom permission profiles to
  assign to users.

## Account Management

- Account Settings: general settings for your CLM.CM account,
  including language, region settings, and feature enablement.
- Branding: customization options for CLM.CM, including logos and
  colors.
- Deployment: create and configure deployment packages for your
  account.
- Device Management: manage access for user devices accessing your
  CLM.CM account.
- Navigation & Actions: customize the navigation header and
  actions menu for CLM.CM users.
- Reseller Accounts: create and remove trial accounts for
  additional Super Administrators.
- Security Settings: set up security options, such as Salesforce
  authentication, timeout length, two-factor authentication, and sharing settings.

## Integrations

- System Domains: set URLs for accessing your CLM.CM account.
- Electronic Signature: set up electronic signature
  integrations.
- API Settings: set up API mappings and domain configurations.
- Connections: connect third-party applications to CLM.CM.
- **Docusign Analyzer**: connect CLM.CM to Docusign
  Insight.
- SAML SSO: configure identity and service provider information for
  single sign-on (SSO).

## Parties

- Parties: create, edit, delete, and bulk upload parties for
  organizing documents.
