---
title: Build a Schedule in Docusign CLM to Trigger a Rule for Trashing Documents
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=kjv1636412077513.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:47Z'
---

# Build a Schedule in Docusign CLM to Trigger a Rule for Trashing Documents

Learn how to build a schedule in Docusign CLM to help with trash removal. Administrators
can use the schedule to trigger a rule that moves canceled contracts to the
trash.

To build a scheduled rule, you must first build a schedule in Docusign CLM. Your schedule sets
the dates and times that your rule will run. You can schedule the rule to run once
or run hourly, daily, weekly, or monthly.

Use this procedure to create a schedule that can instruct a rule to move canceled contracts to
the trash.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select  Schedules under Automation Tools.

   The Schedules page opens.
4. Select Schedule > New.

   The Create Schedule page opens.
5. Create a schedule:

   1. Complete the following fields to define the schedule:

      Name
      :   Specifies a descriptive name for the schedule.

      Description
      :   Specifies text that explains the purpose of the rule.

      Effective Between
      :   Specifies a start and end date for the rule.

      Start Time
      :   Specifies the exact time for the rule to begin
          operating.
      :   **Example:** 6:00pm

      Recurrence
      :   Specifies how often the schedule runs:
          - None specifies that the
            schedule runs once and does not repeat.
          - Hourly sets the hours and
            days of the week that the schedule runs.
          - Weekly sets the days that the
            schedule runs each week.
          - Monthly sets the days of the
            month that the schedule runs.
   2. Select Save.

   A message indicates that the schedule was saved. The
   Schedules page opens, showing the new
   schedule.

You have built the schedule. Your schedule can now be used in a
scheduled rule that moves files to the trash folder.

## Next steps

[Create your scheduled
rule](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ajj1636262082417.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to build a scheduled smart rule in Docusign CLM. Administrators can build this rule to move files to the trash folder on a schedule.").
