---
title: Set Access Rights on a Folder in Docusign CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ksu1576610030096.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# Set Access Rights on a Folder in Docusign CLM.CM

Learn how to set access rights on a folder in Docusign CLM.CM.

Super Administrators can set granular access rights
on folders in Docusign CLM.CM. By default, documents and subfolders inherit the security
settings established at the parent folder. When viewing the security settings of subfolders or
documents, you will see that most are noted as inherited.

Note: This
topic applies to Docusign CLM.CM. To determine which kind of Docusign CLM account you have,
see [Identify your Docusign CLM Account
Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as a Super Administrator
2. Select Documents from the navigation header.

   The Documents screen displays.
3. Navigate to the folder for which you want to define access, and select the checkbox for
   that folder.
4. In the Manage menu, select
   Security.

   The Folder Security screen displays.
5. Set the desired access rights for each role.
6. (Optional) Add additional users or groups for access by entering them in the search
   field, or selecting them from the Address Book.
7. (Optional) Set the desired access rights for each user added to the list.
8. Once all changes have been made, select Save.

   You have successfully assigned access rights to a folder in Docusign CLM.CM. All
   documents and sub-folders within the selected folder will inherit the security settings
   from the top level.
