---
title: Create a Recurring Schedule in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=kxh1576795548435.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Create a Recurring Schedule in Docusign CLM

Learn how to create a recurring schedule in Docusign CLM.
Administrators can use schedules for recurring document-management events.

Administrators can create a recurring schedule in Docusign CLM. Administrators can use this type of schedule for recurring
document-management events.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Schedules under Automation Tools.

   The Schedules page opens.
4. Select Schedule > New.

   The Create Schedule page opens.
5. Define your recurring schedule:
   1. Specify a descriptive name for the schedule.
   2. Specify a description for the schedule.
   3. Specify a date range in the Effective Between fields in the
      MM/DD/YYYY format.

      The schedule will be valid during these dates.
   4. Specify a value in the Start Time field in the format HH:MM
      ?M (where ?M is AM or PM).

      Note: Adjust the time so that it is entered in Central Standard
      Time. The time does not automatically adjust for your time zone or daylight saving
      time.
   5. Select Recurrence (to expand the section), and select one of
      the following options to set up the recurrence:

      Hourly
      :   Runs a smart rule more than one time a day on particular days of the week.
          Provide the interval in hours (for example, every 2 hours). Select the days of
          the week when the rule will run. The initial time is taken from the
          Start Time field.

      Weekly
      :   Runs a smart rule at the configured time on particular days of the week.
          Select the days of the week. The time is taken from the Start
          Time field.

      Monthly
      :   Runs a smart rule at the configured time on particular days of the month. You
          specify specific days of the month or relative days of the month. If you select
          the Days of Month option, specify one or more numbers
          representing the DD value in a typical MM/DD/YYYY format. Examples are 01 and
          15. If you select the Day of Week option, select the
          relative option (for example, First), and select the day of the
          week. The time is taken from the Start Time field.
   6. Select Save.

The product saves your recurring schedule.
