---
title: Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=lam1619202914294.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM

Read about how to connect an SFTP client to Docusign CLM for secure uploads and
backups.

Important:

- Docusign does not provide keypairs for SFTP authentication. If you need assistance in
  creating or managing keypairs for your SFTP configuration, please contact your
  account team regarding our Professional Services offerings.
- Docusign does not provide or recommend SFTP client applications.
- This topic applies to Docusign CLM. For more information about SFTP for Docusign CLM.CM, see
  [Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM.CM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=bbl1576609938274.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the SFTP self-service for CLM.CM. Super administrators can use SFTP for moving documents or folders between a local data source and CLM.CM."). To determine which kind of Docusign CLM account you have, see [Identify your
  Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

Secure file transfer protocol (SFTP) enables movement of documents or folders between a local
data source and Docusign CLM. You can use SFTP for uploading and downloading within
Docusign CLM, or to move documents across different folders. SFTP is used to migrate
documents to and from Docusign CLM for batches of files between 30MB and 1GB in size. To
learn more about limitations for SFTP in Docusign CLM, see [SFTP Limitations in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=osg1576609938920.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about the limitations of SFTP for Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM.CM.").

Folder structure hierarchy is maintained when using SFTP. When moving parent folders with child
sub-folders, folder structure will be kept intact through the move. SFTP should not be
used to delete files or folders. When deleting documents using SFTP, files will
automatically be disassociated from the origin folder. This is a feature of SFTP
clients, not Docusign CLM. If you delete a folder with many files, you will see the
folder separately from the files in the trash folder.

Docusign CLM supports connection to our SFTP servers through Public Key Authentication. This
offers an additional level of security by storing a public key in Docusign and a
corresponding private key on your computer.

To use SFTP with Docusign CLM, you will need to install an SFTP client. Please consult with
your IT administrator to choose an SFTP client that is compliant with your
organization.

Note: There are known issues with WinSCP's SFTP client, specifically
the “resumable file upload” feature. Using this feature may result in fragmented or
duplicate uploads, or loss of data. Docusign CLM is not responsible for issues that may
occur when uploading files with this feature enabled.
