---
title: Use SFTP to Connect to Docusign CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=lrc1576609938707.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Use SFTP to Connect to Docusign CLM.CM

Learn how to use an SFTP client to connect to CLM.CM. Super administrators use SFTP for
moving documents or folders between a local data source and CLM.CM.

Super Administrators can connect to Docusign CLM.CM
using an SFTP client.

Note: This topic applies to Docusign CLM.CM. For
more information on using SFTP to connect to Docusign CLM, see [Use SFTP to Connect to Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=fgy1619203740592.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to use SFTP to connect to Docusign CLM."). To determine which kind of Docusign CLM account you have,
see [Identify your Docusign CLM Account
Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log on to Docusign CLM.CM as a Super Administrator.
2. Select Admin from the navigation panel.

   The Docusign CLM.CM admin panel displays.
3. Navigate to Integrations  >  System Domains.
4. Copy the URL in the SFTP: field.
5. In your SFTP client, set up a new connection.
6. Set SFTP as the protocol to use.
7. Enter the Host Name as your SFTP URL copied from step 4.
8. Enter the Port Number as 22.
9. Enter your Docusign CLM.CM username and password when prompted for your
   credentials.

   You have successfully connected to your Docusign CLM.CM account using SFTP. You
   may now view, upload, and download files.

   Note:
   - If any folder within the account meets or exceeds 10,000 objects, the folder will
     not be accessible through SFTP. Please contact Customer Support for further
     assistance.
   - Documents cannot be placed in the root directory. Navigate to a desired folder to
     upload or download documents.
