---
title: Account Security in CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=nex1684350390950.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# Account Security in CLM.CM

Read about features and settings for account security in CLM.CM.

Note: This topic applies to CLM.CM. To find out which version of CLM you
have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM
Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

In CLM.CM, super administrators can set options for security. Options are available for IP
address-based access, password strength, session timeouts, and more.

Super administrators can also set sharing options, enable two-factor authentication, and enable
protections from exploits such as clickjacking.

Security settings can be applied on a per-user or user group basis, allowing for more
granular control.

The following security options are available to super administrators in CLM.CM:

Session Timeout
:   Determines how long a user can be logged in and idle before being logged out of
    CLM.CM.

IP Address Restriction
:   Sets a list of IP network addresses that are allowed to access CLM.CM. For more
    information about IP restrictions, see [Set IP Access Restrictions in CLM.CM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=uyo1684439213435.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to restrict access to CLM.CM by IP address.").

Passwords
:   Prpvides the following password control:

    - Controls whether to allow password login for SSO users
    - Controls the settings for password strength, expiration, and reuse

2-Step Verification
:   Sets options for setting up two-factor authentication as part of user login. For
    more information about setting up this verification, see [Two-Factor Authentication in Docusign CLM.CM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=rnu1684267366708.html&_LANG=enus "Read about two-factor authentication for login in Docusign CLM.CM. Super Administrators can enable two-factor authentication in Docusign CLM.CM as an extra layer of login security.").

Clickjack Protection
:   Prevents CLM.CM from being run in a frame, unless that frame is from a safelisted domain.
    Super administrators can set up a list of domains that can run CLM.CM in a
    frame.

Salesforce Authentication
:   Enables users to access CLM.CM by using their Salesforce credentials.

Log In Agreement
:   (When enabled) Prompts users to accept a configured agreement before proceeding to use
    CLM.CM. Super administrators can also set options for login restrictions.

Sharing
:   Controls whether users can publicly share documents and folders with individuals who are not
    members of your CLM.CM organization. You can also view all public documents and
    folders.
