---
title: Markup a Document for Document Generation Template Creation in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ngu1631724356690.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Markup a Document for Document Generation Template Creation in Docusign CLM

Learn how to select and markup a finished document for document generation template
creation.

## Before you begin

Here are some important
considerations to make when selecting a document for template mapping:

- The document selected to become a template should be a finalized contract,
  agreement, or previously completed template.
- The document should have easily identifiable areas for markup. This enables you
  and your CLM implementation expert to create a template map from those
  fields.

Each template for document generation is created from a
mapped document. Mapping a document identifies the parts of a document that will use
merged data to change selected fields within contracts. 

Once you have selected a document
for mapping, the CLM team will guide you through the process of
markup.

1. Open the document for mapping.
2. In the document, highlight a section of the document that will become a
   field.
3. Right-click the highlighted section, and select New
   Comment.

   A comment field displays in the right-side margin of the document.
4. In the comment field, provide a reference or doc number, a field name, and a
   brief description of the field. Here are a few examples.

   - For a field that will contain a contractor's name: **“01 - Contractor -
     Contractor Name”**
   - For a field that will be linked to a Salesforce object: **“02 - Product
     Type - Salesforce - Quote.ProductLineItems.ProductType\_\_c”**
   - For a section that will be conditionally hidden or shown: **“03 - Gov
     Clause - Show Government Furnished Clause if ‘Government Furnished?’
     Drop-Down = True”**

   Note: If a field is re-used,
   it should still be associated with the initial number used in the
   markup.
5. Repeat this process for any other fields that will need to be mapped for
   templating throughout the document. Save the document with a name indicating
   that it has been marked up for templating.

## Next steps

- [Make a Template Map Spreadsheet for Document Generation in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ogg1631728002348.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to create a template map spreadsheet for a document generation template.")
