---
title: Manage Devices for Users in CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=njw1684439932566.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# Manage Devices for Users in CLM.CM

Learn how to manage and revoke access for devices in CLM.CM.

CLM.CM applications can be used to download documents
to a device. Super administrators can manage access for these devices in CLM.CM.

Super
administrators can see the devices that users have used to access CLM.CM. The
administrators can also see the activities performed. Where necessary, super
administrators can revoke access by application for a user's devices.

Note: This topic applies to CLM.CM. To find out which version of CLM
you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log in to CLM.CM as a Super Administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Device Management under Account Management.

   The Device Management page opens. This page is
   where you manage devices for users.
4. Choose the user whose devices you want to manage:
   1. Specify a user name or email address in the Select a
      User field, and select the user from the dropdown
      results.
   2. Select Select.

   The product displays a list of the selected user's devices.
5. Select your options:

   - To revoke access for this user device, select
     Revoke.
   - To see the activity performed on this user device, select See
     Activity.
   - To revoke access for all devices for the user, select Revoke
     All.

   Note:
   - Revoke requests are processed silently. Revoking access automatically deletes all local
     content and logs the user out of the application.
   - If a user tries to reauthorize after access is revoked, the user gets notified that
     access is revoked for that device.

   You are finished managing user devices in CLM.CM.
