---
title: Make a Template Map Spreadsheet for Document Generation in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ogg1631728002348.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:52Z'
---

# Make a Template Map Spreadsheet for Document Generation in Docusign CLM

Learn how to create a template map spreadsheet for a document generation template.

## Before you begin

[Markup a Document for Document Generation Template Creation in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=ngu1631724356690.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to select and markup a finished document for document generation template creation.")

Once the markup process is complete, the proposed fields will need to be listed in a template map spreadsheet. This enables your Docusign CLM implementation expert to assist in setting up the document generation template and form.

Note: These features apply to all versions of Docusign CLM. For Docusign CLM Essentials, Docusign Professional Services or your implementing partner will assist in the review and availability of fields.

1. Create a new spreadsheet with the following column headers:

   - Reference or Doc Number
   - Field Name
   - Read Only/Edit
   - Required/Optional
   - Instructional Text (for the user completing the form)
   - Field Type
   - Field Validation Info
   - SFDC Object (for Salesforce integrations with Docusign CLM)
   - SFDC Field Name (for Salesforce integrations with Docusign CLM)
   - SFDC API Name (for Salesforce integrations with Docusign CLM)
   - Additional Notes/Information
2. Enter the information from your marked up document under the appropriate column in the spreadsheet.
3. When finished, save the spreadsheet with a similar name to your marked up document.

A document generation template and document generation form can be created from the mapping template spreadsheet and mapped document.
