---
title: SFTP Limitations in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=osg1576609938920.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# SFTP Limitations in Docusign CLM

Learn about the limitations of SFTP for Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM.CM.

Note: This topic applies to both Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM.CM.

Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM.CM have the following limitations for files, folder structures,
and operations:

## Microsoft Office Naming Convention/Folder Structure Limitations

Microsoft Office limits the number of characters used in folder path and file names when
transferring documents. Documents and folder structures with long file names may create
difficulty when uploading to Docusign CLM. To avoid this issue, reduce the number of
folders, and shorten document names where possible. Character length limits are as follows
for the following Microsoft Office applications:

- Microsoft Word: 254 characters, including file name extension.
- Microsoft PowerPoint: 258 characters, including file name extension.
- Microsoft Access: 258 characters, including file name extension.
- Microsoft Outlook: 258 characters, including file name extension.
- Microsoft Excel: 218 characters, including file name extension.

## SFTP Firewall Restrictions

While SFTP is a secure file transfer protocol, there may be potential isses with firewall
rules. Firewalls may need to be reconfigured to enable SFTP transfers. Please consult with
your IT administrators for configuration.

## Date and Time Stamps

Your SFTP client may display date and time stamps that differ from the actual Docusign CLM
system date and time. This is a known issue that is unique to the SFTP client being used. To
confirm the actual modification dates and times on documents or folders, please view the
details in Docusign CLM.
