---
title: Create a Component Package in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=pgv1576609934376.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:49Z'
---

# Create a Component Package in Docusign CLM

Learn how to package Docusign CLM account components for transfer to
another CLM account. Folders and attribute groups are examples of components that an
adminisrator can package.

Docusign CLM account components can
be packaged and transferred to other CLM accounts. Folders and attribute groups are examples
of components that an adminisrator can package.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Deployment under Account Management.
4. Provide a name for your package in the Name field.
5. (Optional) Provide a description for your package in the
   Description text box.
6. Choose your options for the package by selecting the checkboxes:

   - Auto Install Package
   - Overwrite existing objects when installing package
   - Include account settings
   - Include account branding preferences
   - Include account-level customization of navigation tabs, menus and
     toolbars
7. Select the component tabs, and select components to be transferred in the
   package.

   Note:
   - Documents and security settings can be included with folders. To do so, select the
     checkboxes for Include documents and Include group
     security on the Folders tab.
   - On the Forms tab, you can select a checkbox to include form
     documents from a selected eForm’s submit folders. If no submit folder is selected,
     the destination account’s root folder becomes the submit folder for the transferred
     form. The properties of each eForm will be displayed in the tab.
8. Select Choose Storage Location to select a location for your
   component package.
9. Select Save.

   The product saves a file with a .spackage extension and places the file in the
   storage location. You have created a component package for transferring data to another
   CLM account.
