---
title: Security Access Levels in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=qca1576795548949.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# Security Access Levels in Docusign CLM

Read about each of the options for security access available in Docusign CLM.
Administrators and Super Administrators can set security on a per-user or per-user group
basis.

Note: This topic applies to both Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM.CM.

In Docusign CLM and Docusign CLM.CM, administrators have several options for tailoring
security permissions to their needs. Administrators can use granular options to set security
on a per-user, per-user group, or per-folder basis.

Unless otherwise specified, documents and sub-folders inherit the security settings
established at the parent folder level. When viewing the security settings of sub-folders or
documents, you will see that most security settings are noted as inherited. Administrators can
select the checkbox for View Permissions for All Users to see the users
who have access to a specific folder or document. Viewing permissions this way will return the
first 1,000 results. By default, administrators and Super Administrators will have access to
all documents and folders.

When applying security, you can set the following access rights for each user or user
group:

- No Access: prohibits users from accessing folders or documents.
- View: permits users to view folders and documents through Document
  Review or download.
- View & Create: permits users to view a folder and upload and
  revise the content of a document. Users with these access rights cannot change document
  attributes.
- View & Edit: permits users to view, revise, share, and upload
  new content. Users with these access rights cannot delete the folders, documents, or grant
  access to folders or documents. This is the default access setting for all content in Docusign CLM.
- View, Edit, & Delete: permits users to view, revise, share,
  upload new content, delete documents, and delete folders. Users with these access rights
  cannot grant access to other folders.
- View, Edit, Delete, & Set Access: permits users to view, edit,
  share, upload, grant or revoke access to folders and documents.

Folder security can be applied based on a permission profile, applied to an individual user,
or applied for a user group:

- Permission Profiles: allows you to grant or revoke access based on
  the user's permission profile. The core permission profiles can have security access
  delegations of user and viewer. Administrators have access to all documents and folders in
  the account by default.
- Users: users that need explicit access granted or revoked can be
  added to a user group that has the desired security settings.
- Groups: groups that need explicit access granted or revoked can be
  added to a user group that has the desired security settings.

Note: Explicitly granted permissions in Docusign CLM win
over group permissions in the event that a group inherited permission excludes or includes
permissions. If a user was granted or revoked access to a particular folder or sub-folder, the
explicitly granted permission will override group access.
