---
title: Functions of Email Addresses in DocuSign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=qly1633964311458.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:49Z'
---

# Functions of Email Addresses in DocuSign CLM

Read about the usage, functions, and limitations of email addresses in DocuSign
CLM.

In DocuSign CLM, a user’s email address is a unique identifier that connects the user to a
database. Users can be added to groups and assigned tasks in CLM by using their email
addresses. Every user must have a unique email address.

Changing a user’s credentials affects DocuSign CLM functions as follows:

- Folder permissions for users should ideally be connected to groups in DocuSign CLM. To manage
  folder access, users can be added or removed from groups. If permissions are
  connected to an email address, changes to that email address interrupt folder
  access.
- Email address changes affect the assignment of workflow steps.

  Tip: We recommend assigning workflow steps to groups or task groups
  instead of users.
- If a task gets assigned to a user whose email address has changed, the task might become
  unusable.

  Tip: Assign tasks to groups when
  possible.
- If users are managed through Salesforce, the email address of a Salesforce user and CLM user
  should match. If the email address is mismatched, the CLM File It iframe might
  become unusable. The user might also lose access to advanced features like document
  generation. Administrators can use User Sync for CLM.CM or user management for
  DocuSign CLM.
  - **User Sync for CLM.CM:** If User Sync is enabled, Salesforce users are
    synced with CLM every 15 minutes. In cases of email mismatch, the old user
    list gets deactivated and replaced by a new user list.

    Note: Users that
    get created by User Sync do not have a username assigned. These users
    cannot log on to CLM.CM from login.springcm.com.
  - **User Management for DocuSign CLM:** DocuSign CLM allows two users with
    the same email address for DocuSign applications (eSignature). This allows
    Salesforce users to see and view the DocuSign CLM File It widget. Users must
    be created and enabled through the User Management page of the DocuSign Apps Launcher (DAL). This page is
    available through the DocuSign Setup page in the DAL.
    If a user changes his or her email address in Salesforce, a new CLM user
    must be created. The old CLM user must be deactivated. The new CLM user must
    be assigned manually to groups and task groups.
- In DocuSign CLM, users can get provisioned by SSO at the organizational administrator level.
  When this happens, administrators should use their SSO provisioning procedure to
  change a user’s email address.
- In CLM.CM, users can get provisioned through SSO. In this situation, changing a user’s email
  address creates a new user. The old user account and license remain active.
