---
title: Group Management in Docusign CLM and CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=qrc1576610086837.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Group Management in Docusign CLM and CLM.CM

Read about group management in Docusign CLM and CLM.CM. Administrators can create and
modify groups of CLM users. Specifying access through groups can help simplify security
access.

A group is a collection of CLM users. Often, these users have similar document access needs.
A group has defined access rights to folders. Administrators can create and modify groups.
Specifying access through groups (instead of user role or individuals) simplifies the security
access process.

Note: A group contains licensed user accounts and cannot have
contacts.

Docusign recommends using groups for managing document and folder access in your CLM account.
A group often contains users who serve department needs or project teams. For example, the
group might have users for Human Resources or Sales.

The way that administrators manage groups depends on the CLM account type:

- For Docusign CLM account types, you manage groups from Docusign Admin. For more
  information about managing groups from Docusign Admin, see [Groups](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=fza1583359190504.html&_LANG=enus).
- For CLM.CM account types, you manage groups on the Groups page in the
  Admin section of the CLM application.

Note: To see what CLM account type you have, see the topic [Identify Your Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).
