---
title: Customize Document Actions in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=rei1685462943571.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Customize Document Actions in Docusign CLM

Learn how to customize the Document Actions menu in Docusign CLM.

Administrators and Super Administrators can customize the Document Actions menu in
Docusign CLM. Options for document actions can be added or removed based on user
profile. Administrators can also create custom actions for document management,
providing users with shortcuts to common operations.

1. Log on to Docusign CLM as an administrator or Super Administrator.
2. Select Admin from the navigation header.

   The Docusign CLM administrator panel displays.
3. Navigate to Account Management  >  Navigation and Actions.
4. Select a user persona from the Who is this for? dropdown
   menu.

   Note: The Account Default option
   will set Document Actions for all Docusign CLM users.
5. In the dropdown menu for What are you customizing?,
   select Document Management Actions.
6. In the section for Default Actions, select the document
   actions you want to enable or disable. You can search for actions by entering
   them in the search field.
7. (Optional) Select Custom Actions to create a custom
   action for the Document Actions menu.
   1. Enter a name for your Document Actions submenu in the
      Toolbar Submenu Name field.
   2. Select New Action.

      The Add New Custom Action screen
      displays.
   3. Enter a name for your custom action in the Action
      Name field.
   4. (Optional) Enter a description for your custom action.
   5. Select the display language for your custom action in the
      Language for this action dropdown menu.
   6. Select an action from the What should this action
      do? dropdown menu.
   7. Choose how your action should display from the Open this
      action in: dropdown menu.
   8. (Optional) Select the checkbox for Pass user information
      with this action to record user data for the information
      transaction for this action.
   9. Once all required and optional fields have been selected and entered,
      select Save.
   10. Select the toggle to enable or disable your custom action.

       Note: Custom actions can be reordered by dragging
       and dropping them in the desired order.
8. Once all options have been selected, select Save.

   You have successfully customized the Document Actions menu in Docusign CLM. Users
   will see the changes the next time they log on to Docusign CLM.
