---
title: Create a Docusign CLM Attribute Import Mapping
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=rvr1576610110534.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Create a Docusign CLM Attribute Import Mapping

Learn how to create an attribute import mapping in Docusign CLM.
Administrators create this mapping as part of assigning attribute values to multiple documents
without the need for manual entry.

In Docusign CLM, administrators can create
an attribute import mapping. You create this mapping as part of assigning
attribute values to multiple documents without the need for manual entry.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Attribute Import Mappings under Documents &
   Folders.

   The Attribute Import Mappings page opens.
4. Select New Mapping.
5. Enter a name in the New Mapping field.
6. Open the Type drop-down menu, and select
   CSV.
7. Type `2` in the Data Starts at Row
   field.
8. Select Mapping > Create Mapping Element.
9. Assign a column number, the filename, and appropriate attribute fields (formatted as
   Attribute Group.Attribute Field) for each element.

   Note: Assign the Filename drop-down option to column 1.
10. Repeat steps 7 and 8 for the remaining columns.

    The numbers assigned to each column must match the order of the corresponding columns
    in the custom CSV.
11. Select Save.

You have finished creating an attribute import mapping.
