---
title: Edit an eForm in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=tjy1576610172774.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Edit an eForm in Docusign CLM

Learn how to modify an eForm in Docusign CLM.

Administrators and super administrators can modify
the HTML code of an eForm. Edits to an eForm can include the following activities:

- Modify code within the Form HTML field.
- Use an HTML editor to modify eForm code, then paste the content into the Form
  HTML field.
- Write HTML code, then paste it into the Form HTML field without
  using any attributes.

Important: Choosing new attribute fields and selecting
Generate Sample Form or Generate Fields Only
will delete code in the Form HTML field.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator or super
   administrator.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select eForms under Automation Tools.

   The Forms page opens.
4. Select the check box for the eForm that you want to change, and select
   Edit.

   The Edit Form page opens for the selected
   eForm.
5. Make your changes:
   1. (Optional) Select the Show Attribute Groups check box to see
      attribute groups.
   2. Modify or replace existing HTML code by inserting new code or selecting different
      attribute fields.
6. Select Preview to verify the changes to your eForm.
7. Perform one of the following actions to save the eForm:

   - Select Save to overwrite the current eForm.
   - Select Save As to save your work as a new eForm.

   You have successfully edited an eForm.
