---
title: Manage the Docusign CLM Account Setting for Completing External Reviews By
  Email
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=tsk03e06e82-320c-40a3-a4c4-91b5ff0180d3.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Manage the Docusign CLM Account Setting for Completing External Reviews By Email

Learn how to enable or disable the Docusign CLM account setting for completing external reviews by email. Administrators use these steps to control whether reviewers can use this method to complete external reviews.

In Docusign CLM, administrators can enable an account setting that lets reviewers complete external reviews through email. Allowing email-based completion gives reviewers flexibility and can speed up business negotiations. This setting is *not* enabled by default.

Note: Only PDF and DOCX documents can be submitted for external review through email. Any other file types must be uploaded directly to Docusign CLM.

After receiving an email with one or more attached documents, the reviewer can download and revise documents as needed. The reviewer replies to the email with revised documents and includes any relevant information in the body of the email.

Docusign CLM ingests the revised document as a version of the original document to complete the review. Use this procedure to enable or disable the account setting that allows completion of external reviews through email.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Account Settings under Account Management.

   The Account Settings page opens.
4. Perform one of the following actions on the Enable External Review Completion by Email setting:
   - Select the checkbox to enable the setting.
   - Clear the checkbox to disable the setting.
5. Select Save.

You are finished managing the CLM account setting for completing external reviews by email.
