---
title: Control How to Send Multi-Recipient Emails in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=tzp1723146682789.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Control How to Send Multi-Recipient Emails in Docusign CLM

Learn how to control how Docusign CLM sends emails that have multiple
recipients. Administrators use these steps to choose whether to send the email to each
recipient individually or send one email to all recipients.

In Docusign CLM, an administrator can control how to send emails that have
multiple recipients. The administrator can enable either of the following behaviors:

- Send the email to each recipient individually.
- Send one email to all recipients.

By default, the product sends a separate email to each recipient.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Admin in the navigation header.

   An administrative sidebar opens.
3. Select Account Settings under Account Management.

   The Account Settings page opens.
4. Select one of the following options under "Handling of Email with Multiple
   Recipients":

   Send single recipient emails
   :   Handles an email with multiple recipients by sending a separate
       email to each recipient. Each person receives an email that is
       addressed only to that person.

   Send multi recipient emails
   :   Handles an email with multiple recipients by sending one single email to all recipients.
       Each person receives an email that is addressed to all recipients.
       If a recipient uses his or her email client to send a “Reply all”,
       everyone receives that email.

       Note: An email
       cannot have more than 50 recipients.
5. Select Save.

   The product saves your changes.

You have defined a behavior for how to send multi-recipient
emails in Docusign CLM.
