---
title: Customize a Toolbar in Docusign CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=vjt1583448514089.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Customize a Toolbar in Docusign CLM.CM

Learn how to customize a toolbar in Docusign CLM

Super Administrators can customize the toolbar in
Docusign CLM.CM. Toolbar items can be added or removed as needed.

Note: This topic applies to Docusign CLM.CM. To determine which kind
of Docusign CLM account you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log on to Docusign CLM.CM as a Super Administrator.
2. Select Documents from the navigation header.

   The documents list displays.
3. Select View  >  Show Toolbar.

   The Docusign CLM.CM toolbar displays.
4. Select View  >  Customize Toolbar.

   The toolbar customization window displays.
5. Choose your toolbar customization options:

   - Enter the email address or name for which the toolbar customizations display in the
     Appears for: field.
   - Select any menu name and choose a menu item to convert it to a toolbar item.

     Note: Menu items converted to toolbar items will
     display at the end of the toolbar.
   - Move icons in the toolbar by selecting an icon, and then selecting
     << Move Left or >> Move
     Right.
   - Remove icons from the toolbar by selecting an icon, and then selecting
     Delete.
   - Add separator bars between icons by selecting an icon, and then
     selecting the checkboxes for Separator Before or
     Separator After.
   - Revert all changes made by selecting Revert to
     Default.
6. Once all changes have been made, select Save.

   You have successfully customized the toolbar for the selected user in
   Docusign CLM.CM.
