---
title: Access the Docusign Unified Task View from Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=vqr1746802622033.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:48Z'
---

# Access the Docusign Unified Task View from Docusign CLM

Learn how to access the unified task view from Docusign CLM.
Administrators and users can use this central view to manage tasks across Docusign applications.

## Before you begin

Unified task management must be enabled. New CLM customers receive
this feature by default. Existing CLM customers enable this feature by selecting
Enable unified task management page on the Account
Settings page.

In Docusign CLM, you can access a unified task view to manage tasks across
your applications (such as Docusign CLM and eSignature). Use the
central view to review important context, prioritize work, and complete tasks
efficiently.

Important:

- Unified task management is not available for CLM accounts in FedRAMP sites,
  CLM accounts in IL4 sites, or CLM.CM accounts. Unified task management is
  also not available for CLM Essentials accounts.
- CLM customers who opt in to unified task management should not
  assign the Tasks page as the CLM account homepage.
  Making this assignment can cause navigation problems when switching apps. By
  default, the Documents page is the homepage.

From the unified task view, you can perform any of the following activities:

- View detailed context about tasks
- Apply filters to refine your task view
- Customize columns in the task view
- Manage tasks for CLM managed users

Use this procedure to access the Docusign unified task view from Docusign CLM.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. Select Tasks in the navigation header.

   The Tasks page opens. This page provides a unified
   task view.

From the unified view, you can review tasks and view task
details. If applicable, you can also take action directly on a task or complete a task
management action (such as reassignment).

## Next steps

Begin managing tasks by reviewing the documentation about
[Docusign unified task
management](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=ikc1746801059132&topicId=bhd1746801493533.html&_LANG=enus).
