---
title: Hide Document Types in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=xwn1668443199462.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Hide Document Types in Docusign CLM

Learn how to hide document types in Docusign CLM. Hiding a document type prevents that
type from being selected when uploading or editing documents in Docusign CLM.

Docusign CLM Administrators can hide document types in
their accounts. If you hide a document type, you cannot apply that type to existing or
uploaded documents; however, existing documents that have that type applied continue to
show the same type. If necessary, you can change the type in those documents.

Note:

- Party Management must be enabled to use custom document types. For more
  information about enabling Party Management, see [Enable Party Management in
  Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mjn1643378694283&topicId=uva1603410757890.html&_LANG=enus).
- This feature is currently not available to CLM.CM customers.
- Changing a document type’s name will not change the document’s
  classification. For more information about document classes, see [Document Types in Docusign CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=pls1666892322322.html&_LANG=enus).
- If a document type has a new name assigned, all existing documents of that
  type will display the new document name.

1. Log on to Docusign CLM as an administrator.
2. Select Admin from the navigation header.

   The Docusign CLM Admin page displays.
3. Select Documents & Folders  >  Document Types.

   The Document Types page displays.
4. Select Edit.

   The Document types page now allows you to set up the
   alternate name and visibility for each document type.
5. Select the Visible toggle for each document type you
   want to hide.

   The Visibility status for the document type changes to
   Hidden.
6. Select Save.

   You have successfully hidden one or more document types in Docusign CLM.
   Existing Docusign CLM documents of that type will retain the hidden type until
   they are altered or saved. Uploaded and new documents will not be able to use
   the hidden document type.
