---
title: Upload Public Key for SFTP Authentication in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=yva1619203531519.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Upload Public Key for SFTP Authentication in Docusign CLM

Learn how to upload your public key for SFTP authentication in Docusign CLM.

Administrators can upload a public key to Docusign CLM
for SFTP authentication.

Important:

- This guide assumes that you or your Docusign CLM administrator has already created your
  public/private keypair. Docusign does not provide keypairs for SFTP
  authentication. If you need assistance in creating or managing keypairs for
  your SFTP configuration, please contact your account team regarding our
  Professional Services offerings.
- This topic applies to Docusign CLM. For more information about SFTP for Docusign CLM.CM,
  see [Secure File Transfer Protocol (SFTP) for Docusign CLM.CM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=bbl1576609938274.html&_LANG=enus "Read about the SFTP self-service for CLM.CM. Super administrators can use SFTP for moving documents or folders between a local data source and CLM.CM."). To determine which kind of
  Docusign CLM account you have, see [Identify your Docusign CLM
  Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus).

1. Log in to your Docusign account.
2. Select the User Icon, and choose Manage Profile.

   The My Profile screen displays.
3. Navigate to Privacy and Security  >  Certificates, and select Manage.

   The Certificates screen displays.
4. Select Upload Public Key, and navigate to the folder
   where your public key is stored.
5. Select your public key to upload it to Docusign CLM.

   Note: Your public and private key pairs should be
   formatted as follows:
   - Public
     Key:

     ```
     |  |  |
     | --- | --- |
     |  | ----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY---- |
     |  | YourPublicKeyStringGoesHere |
     |  | ----END PUBLIC KEY---- |
     ```
   - Private
     Key:

     ```
     |  |  |
     | --- | --- |
     |  | ----BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY---- |
     |  | YourPrivateKeyStringGoesHere |
     |  | ----END RSA PRIVATE KEY---- |
     ```

   You have successfully uploaded your public key to your Docusign account.
