---
title: User Management in CLM.CM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=zep1576610093276.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:49Z'
---

# User Management in CLM.CM

Learn about user management in CLM.CM. Administrators can manage users, groups, task groups, and delegated permissions.

Note: This topic applies to CLM.CM. To see what CLM account type you have, see [Identify Your Docusign CLM Account Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=xzt1631832579827.html&_LANG=enus). Docusign CLM accounts are managed through Docusign Admin. For more information, see [User Management in Docusign Admin for Organization Management](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=jni1583359185567.html&_LANG=enus).

In CLM.CM, administrators can manage the following items:

Users
:   Individuals who will log on to your CLM.CM account to view and edit documents. A individual user requires a user license.

Groups
:   Groups of users. This allows you to define security based on group membership rather than individual user names.

Task Groups
:   Work groups for the automated assignment of workflow tasks.

Delegated Permissions
:   Flexible ways to create lighter administrative roles. You can delegate access to specific areas without having to delegate to all areas.

Typical user management tasks include

- Adding users, contacts, and groups
- Changing group membership
- Assigning a permission profile (role) to a user
- Defining a user's persona
- Resetting user passwords

## User Roles

CLM user roles define the maximum access level that a user has in your environment. Each user role has a defined set of capabilities.

The following user roles exist.

Guests
:   Have the minimal user role in CLM.CM. Guests can only upload or view documents in CLM. Use the guest role when users only need to create (upload) documents or view and download documents. Guests cannot move, edit, or share documents and cannot participate in workflows. Guests can execute searches and can complete eForms but cannot edit or create them. They are limited to changing their passwords. Guests cannot view or create reports or access the address book.

Limited subscribers
:   Can execute Searches and can complete eForms but cannot edit or create them. Limited subscribers are limited to changing their passwords. Limited subscribers cannot view or create reports or contacts.

Full subscribers
:   Can view, edit, and upload documents.This role gives a user full access to documents and workflow. Full subscribers can execute but not create or edit reports. Full subscribers are the most common type of users.

User administrators
:   Can manage users and administer certain account-level preferences. User administrators cannot create or edit security groups, but they can create and edit mailing lists. Super administrators should assign this role to delegate administrative tasks within a CLM account. An account can have multiple user administrators.

Super administrators
:   Is the highest-level administrator in your CLM account. Super administrators have rights and access to everything in your CLM repository, including all users' home folders. This role serves as a repository administrator. An account can have multiple super administrators.

You assign a role for each person who logs on to your CLM account. User roles are also used when setting security on folders and documents.

## User States in CLM.CM

Users who get provisioned can have any of the following states:

Active
:   The user has been provisioned by the super administrator. An activation email has been sent, and the user logged on to the product at least once.

Inactive
:   The user has been provisioned by the super administrator. An activation email has been sent, but the user has not logged on to the product. Inactive users can be added to task groups. Workflow tasks can be allocated to inactive users.

Enabled
:   The user can access the product with his or her provisioned username. Users can also be enabled for a specific duration.

Disabled
:   The user cannot access the product with his or her provisioned logon name. The user account is no longer active. Disabled users can still be members of task groups, but workflow tasks cannot be allocated to these users.
