---
title: Create Active Hyperlinks for Use in Search and Reporting in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=zic1720462816762.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:51Z'
---

# Create Active Hyperlinks for Use in Search and Reporting in Docusign CLM

Learn how to define a URL for string attributes in Docusign CLM. After an administrator defines an attribute that gets assigned a URL, users can select the hyperlink from reports or search results.

In Docusign CLM, administrators can define a hyperlink URL for string attributes. When users execute searches or run reports, the attribute shows up as a hyperlink in the results. The user can select the hyperlink to open it directly from the report or search results.

Note: To make the hyperlink visible in reporting or search results, the user might need to customize the columns.

**Examples:** You can define hyperlinks that lead to documents that are stored outside of Docusign CLM. You can also define links to Salesforce objects.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM.
2. [Create a string attribute within an attribute group](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lun1683559393884&topicId=sos1576610120271.html&_LANG=enus).
3. Perform one of the following activities:

   - [Create a workflow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yks1643320936212&topicId=zyz1677247832120.html&_LANG=enus) that executes the Update Document Metadata Value step to change the attribute’s value to a URL.

     Note: You can also use the step to update read-only attributes.
   - [Add a URL value to any non-read-only string attribute in a document preview](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=lun1683559393884&topicId=yeo1576610114693.html&_LANG=enus)

   The product saves the URL value for the attribute.

You have successfully created active hyperlinks for use in search and reporting. A user can select the hyperlink in a report or search results to open a new browser window.

## Example

In Docusign CLM, you want to store a hyperlink that accesses a policy document. This external document exists outside of Docusign CLM. In this example, your organization uses the following process:

1. Your CLM administrator creates a string attribute within an attribute group.
2. The administrator executes the Update Document Metadata Value workflow step to change the attribute’s value to a URL.
3. A user searches for information about the policy document.
4. The user selects the hyperlink in the search results to open the document in a new browser window.
