---
title: Folder Limits in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=zni1698702696296.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:46Z'
---

# Folder Limits in Docusign CLM

Read about folder limits in Docusign CLM. The product limits the
number of child objects in a folder and limits the number of subfolders for a folder in a
folder tree.

Docusign CLM enforces the following limits on folders:

- A maximum of 10,000 direct child objects can exist in a folder. This includes
  documents and sub-folders.
- A maximum of 100 subfolders can display under a folder in a folder tree.

The following sections discuss these limits.

## Limiting the number of objects within a folder

Docusign CLM enforces a limit of 10,000 direct child objects within
a folder (including documents and sub-folders). If you exceed this limit, the
product displays a warning message that there are too many folders to display. In a
specific folder view, the product also warns that there are more items in this
folder than the product can display at once. In this situation, the product hides
all objects in the folder.

Note: If you encounter the messages, you can search in CLM to
locate your folder contents. For information about search, see [Search in Docusign
CLM](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsk1642969066834&topicId=aug1576609932447.html&_LANG=enus).

To access the contents of a folder that exceeded the limit, contact Customer Support to
request a one-time temporary exception. The Docusign Engineering
team can remove the limit for a maximum of seven days. You can then reorganize
objects to drop below the limit.

An administrator must submit the request to [Customer Support](http://support.docusign.com/). In the request, you must
confirm in writing that you understand that the exception will be granted for only
seven days. You must also agree that you will not request any other exceptions. The
request must also specify the root folder, the folder path, and the following
information:

- Why you are requesting the temporary exception to lift the object limit
- How the folder structure grew to 10,000 objects
- How you plan to prevent your new folder structure from exceeding the limit

After receiving your request, Customer Support will request [temporary access to your account](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=elo1616712084862.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how to provide temporary access to Docusign Support."). You can manage permissions as needed
for this temporary access.

## Limiting the number of subfolders under each folder in a folder tree

On the Documents page in Docusign CLM, a
maximum of 100 subfolders can be displayed under each folder in the folder tree. The
product shows the tree on the left side of the page. Enforcing the limit helps
prevent performance issues from loading excessive numbers of elements in the product
interface.

Note: Even if some folders do not display in the tree, those
folders are still accessible. To find these folders, navigate through the folder
structure in the middle portion of the Documents page.

To avoid the limit, reorganize your content so that every folder contains fewer than
100 subfolders. If desired, you can use [secure
file transfer protocol (SFTP)](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=lam1619202914294.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how to connect an SFTP client to Docusign CLM for secure uploads and backups.") to help with your reorganization.
Additionally, be aware of any automated processes that are automatically creating
folders. Limiting these processes can help you avoid exceeding this limit. Examples
of automated processes are as follows:

- Salesforce mapping
- Smart rules
- Workflows
