---
title: Customize a Menu in Docusign CLM
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=zwg1583448345964.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T21:42:50Z'
---

# Customize a Menu in Docusign CLM

Learn how to customize menus by creating custom menu items in Docusign
CLM.

Administrators and super administrators can create
custom menu items in Docusign CLM. For example, you can add an item to
help users reach and execute a document action more easily.

Note:

- If the menu item does not need users to pre-select a document, [add the item to the global Actions menu
  instead](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pxt1643324456371&topicId=eal1576610028402.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to customize the Actions menu in Docusign CLM. Administrators can add custom actions to the menu to help users save time when executing common tasks.").
- You can remove existing custom menu items to streamline the user experience.
  From the Documents page, select View > Customize Menu, select your custom menu item, and select
  Delete.

1. Log in to Docusign CLM as an administrator or super
   administrator.
2. Select Documents in the navigation header.

   The Documents page opens.
3. Select View > Customize Menu.

   The Customize Menu window opens.
4. Select Create Menu Item.

   The product displays options for configuring the custom menu item.
5. Configure the custom menu item:
   1. Select the Follows Menu Item drop-down, and
      select the menu item that the new item will follow.
   2. Specify a name for the menu item in the Name
      field.
   3. Specify a URL for the menu item in the URL
      field.
   4. (Optional) Select the check boxes for Add Selection to
      URL and Add User Key to
      URL.
   5. Enter the email address or name for which the customizations display in
      the Menu appears for field.

      Note: If this field is left blank, the changes
      apply to all users.
   6. (Optional) Enter a description for the menu item in the
      Description field.
   7. (Optional) Enter a URL for an icon for the menu item in the
      Toolbar Icon URL field.
   8. (Optional) Add separators before or after the menu item by selecting
      the check boxes for Separator Before or
      Separator After.
   9. Select Save.

You have successfully created a custom menu item in Docusign CLM. The new menu item gets displayed for the selected user,
user group, or all users in Docusign CLM.
