---
title: Enable External Participation in Agreement Desk
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=mapf0ca9167-3825-4b36-a385-e98321f7adb5&topicId=tsk1cf545e9-1aeb-4028-821a-3285dba3af43.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:41:58Z'
---

# Enable External Participation in Agreement Desk

Learn what options administrators have for customizing the use of email associated with your account and external participation in Agreement Desk .

## Before you begin

As an administrator, you have several options related to the email used for your account and external participation in Agreement Desk .

- Permit external participants (those outside of your Docusign account)to
  submit new requests by email and send and receive emails
  related to a request.
- Customize the provided email address assigned to your account. For example,
  `requests.fontara@mail.docusign.net (that is linked to “mailto:requests.fontara@mail.docusign.net”)
  is the email address assigned to you. However, you
  can opt to use a custom version with your own domain.`

There are three levels of settings for external participation:

- **Allow users outside of your account to****receive** **and reply to messages from a****request.**

  This setting is toggled
  ON by default. An account
  user can send a message from the account to users
  not in the account. These external users can receive
  and reply to email messages with all messages
  threading captured in theAgreement Desk activity feed.
- **Allow users outside of your account to
  submit new requests by email.**

  It is turned OFF by
  default. You must also enable Messages must before
  you can turn on this setting. With this setting, any
  external user with the account email address can
  send email to Agreement Desk to
  submit new requests.
- **Allow sending real-time invites to external
  participants from the organization's claimed email
  domains.**

  This is OFF by default.
  When this setting is ON, any
  user who is emailing from your organization's
  claimed domain list receives an automatic email
  invitation to join the Agreement Desk account when they submit a request or reply to a
  message. This occurs even if the user is not in the
  account. See the [Claim a Domain](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=gso1583359141256.html&_LANG=enus) topic
  for additional information.

For requests submitted by an external user or messages
sent to or from an external user,Agreement Desk
adds a blue External badge.

To configure external participant
email settings:

1. Select Settings > Email.
2. Specify the level of email access for external users in the
   External Participants
   section.
   - Allow users outside of your account to
     receive and reply to messages from a request.
   - Allow users outside of your account to
     submit new requests by email
   - Allow sending real-time invites to external
     participants from the organization's claimed email
     domains.
3. Select Save to save your changes.
