---
title: Configure Salesforce Workflow Steps
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=con852365c7-aef2-4411-89c9-aa048a26c95a.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:18:53Z'
---

# Configure Salesforce Workflow Steps

Learn about the Workflow Builder steps that you can configure to update
records in your Salesforce organization.

You can configure and use the following Salesforce steps in a workflow:

## Writeback to Salesforce

Writeback to Salesforce updates Salesforce records with data from your Docusign workflow. The Writeback to Salesforce step updates
Salesforce fields, creates new records, and more. Administrators link workflow
fields to Salesforce fields in the Writeback to Salesforce step. When recipients
enter data in workflow fields, Docusign updates the information in
the linked Salesforce record fields. Writeback improves efficiency and reduces
errors by eliminating manual data entry.

Writeback to Salesforce examples

In a typical
Writeback to Salesforce scenario, you create a Web Forms step to gather
participant information. Add a Docusign template with custom
fields linked to Salesforce, followed by a writeback
step.

Example 1: Update existing record: You
build a workflow that includes a Collect Data with Web Forms step and a
Writeback to Salesforce step. In the writeback step, you link the Salesforce
opportunity's Amount field to the web form's
Amount field. A workflow recipient updates and signs an
agreement for an existing opportunity named Fontara. The recipient updates the
Fontara agreement's Amount field from $20,000 to $25,000. When the recipient
completes the assignment, Docusign updates the Fontara
record's Amount field to $25,000.

Example 2: Create new
record: A workflow recipient enters data for a prospective
customer named Fontara. When the recipient completes the assignment, the
writeback step creates a new Fontara record in the connected Salesforce
organization. The record contains all the data entered by the recipient, like
account name, billing address, amount, and so on.

## Read from Salesforce

Read from Salesforce imports data from Salesforce records to your Docusign workflow. Administrators link workflow fields to
Salesforce fields in the Read from Salesforce step. When task recipients open an
envelope, they see Salesforce data imported from the record. Importing Salesforce
data improves efficiency and reduces errors by eliminating manual data entry.

Read from Salesforce example

You build a workflow
with these steps: Collect Data with Web Forms,
Read from Salesforce, and Writeback to
Salesforce. In the writeback step, you link the Salesforce
opportunity Amount field to the web form's
Amount field. A workflow recipient opens an agreement
and sees the Amount field pre-filled with the opportunity's amount. If the
recipient changes the amount, Docusign updates the Amount
field on the Salesforce record.

## Store Files in Salesforce

The Store Files in Salesforce step uses variables to name completed agreements and
route them to the appropriate records.

Store Files in Salesforce example

You build a
workflow and want Docusign to store completed agreements in
Salesforce records. You configure Store Files in Salesforce
variables that set file naming conventions and route agreements to the correct
records. When all recipients complete the signing process, Docusign saves the finished agreement to the correct
Salesforce record. The participant is not required to name the agreement or
upload it to a record.

## Use Salesforce Files

The Use Salesforce Files step adds files from Salesforce records
to workflows. Administrators open a record's Notes & Attachments and add the
record's ID to the Use Salesforce Files step. When workflows
start, Docusign adds selected files from that record's Notes &
Attachments. You can configure the following upload settings: All
Files, File Name Contains, and
Latest Document Only.

Note: The maximum import limit for this step is 10 files or
100 MB.

Use Salesforce Files
example

Example: You add a Use
Salesforce Files step to your workflow. You use the
File Name Contains option and enter the keywords
`Contract Renewal`. Your workflow sends an agreement to
recipients. When recipients open their workflow task, they see a file named
Contract Renewal 2025 included in the agreement.
