---
title: Link Docusign Workflows to Salesforce Flows
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=lby1744925921212.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:18:54Z'
---

# Link Docusign Workflows to Salesforce Flows

Learn about linking Docusign workflows and Salesforce flows to create integrated
automation.

## Why link workflows?

[Workflow Builder](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=dnx1696972415150.html&_LANG=enus) automates agreement actions from your Docusign
account.

Salesforce Flow is a workflow builder that you can use to automate agreements from
your Salesforce organization.

You can link Docusign workflows to Salesforce flows by adding a **Start Docusign
Workflow** step to your flow.

When a flow starts, Salesforce starts your linked Docusign workflow. This integration
automates the creation of agreements that contain Docusign and
Salesforce data.

## Workflow linking example

You build a Record-Triggered Flow and link it to a Docusign workflow.
You configure your flow to start when an opportunity's stage changes to
Negotiation/Review. You add a Start Docusign Workflow step to your flow. When started, your workflow
generates an NDA with Docusign and Salesforce data.

A user changes the stage of the Burlington Textiles opportunity to Negotiation/Review.
Salesforce starts the workflow linked to your flow. Docusign
generates an NDA containing data from the record and sends it for signature.

## Workflow linking prerequisites

- Purchase a Docusign
  Intelligent Agreement Management (IAM) plan.
- Install Docusign Apps
  Launcher version 7.4 or higher.
- Install the Salesforce
  Application from the Docusign App Center.
- Assign Workflows Create permissions
  to your Docusign user, or be an account administrator.
- Build a workflow to be started by your Salesforce flow.
- Prepare your Salesforce users for linking
  flows to Docusign workflows.
- Configure a Start Docusign
  Workflow step in a Salesforce flow.

## Monitor workflows

Standard Salesforce users
:   Standard users cannot view the progress of Docusign workflows in Salesforce.

Salesforce administrators
:   Administrators can only [view
    failed workflows in the Docusign Logs page](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=vqr1744835015673.html&_LANG=enus).

Docusign administrators
:   Docusign administrators can [monitor the progress of all workflows](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=vcp1698707326210.html&_LANG=enus).

## Additional resources

The following topics demonstrate how to prepare for and configure flows that start
Docusign workflows:

[Access Required to Start Docusign Workflows from Salesforce](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=nlu1742250066565.html&_LANG=enus "Learn about the permissions that you must add for users to start Docusign workflows in Salesforce.")

[Check the Status of a Flow That Failed to Start a Docusign Workflow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=vqr1744835015673.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to check the status of a flow that failed to start a workflow.")
