---
title: Grant User Permissions to Start Workflows from Salesforce
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=tsk3640d081-197c-4f31-990a-0309487e92a8.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T19:18:54Z'
---

# Grant User Permissions to Start Workflows from Salesforce

Learn to assign a custom Docusign permission profile so that standard users can execute Workflow Builder workflows from Salesforce.

## Before you begin

Important: This feature is only available to IAM for
Sales customers. Contact [Docusign support](https://support.docusign.com/s/?language=en_US&_gl=1*74elk4*_gcl_au*MTY5ODQyMjA2MC4xNzY5NjM1OTA1LjE5ODM3MTQzNjguMTc2OTYzNjIwNC4xNzY5NjM2MjA0) or [Docusign
sales](https://www.docusign.com/contact-sales) for more information.

- [Purchase a Docusign Intelligent Agreement
  Management (IAM) for Sales application](https://www.docusign.com/intelligent-agreement-management?utm_source=bing&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_PRF_UPS_2410_SEMIAM&utm_term=docusign%20iam&campaignid=569731866&adgroupid=1178678316174006&location=84406&device=c&matchtype=e&extensionid=&creative=73667602015411&keyword=docusign%20iam&placement=&network=o&msclkid=3287ee64f2c01f69bcd686665f40e7da).
- [Install Docusign Apps
  Launcher version 8.4 or higher](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ogj1586134254571.html&_LANG=enus).
- Add a [Start with
  Docusign action](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=tskb637a1ca-b7ba-4604-97f7-f5f2d5f899f6.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to add a Start with Docusign action to a page layout to start workflows.") to a layout.

Docusign administrator users can start workflows from Salesforce. Standard Docusign users need custom permissions to send workflows from
Salesforce. Create a custom Docusign permission profile and grant
standard users Use access to the workflows.

Use this procedure to create a custom permission profile and grant access to users:

1. As a Docusign administrator, go to Admin >  Permission Profiles and select Add Permission Profile.

   The Add Permission Profiles page displays.
2. Create a new Workflow Builder permission profile for standard Salesforce users:
   1. Name: Enter a descriptive name. For example,
      `Start Docusign Workflow`.
   2. Select the User Permissions tab.
   3. Select the Allow users to send envelopes check box.
   4. Scroll down to Start Docusign Workflow and
      select Use from the dropdown menu.
   5. Select Add.

   The dialog box closes. The Permission Profiles page displays a message: You
   successfully created the permission profile (name of
   profile.)
3. Grant users access to your new permission profile:
   1. Go to USERS AND GROUPS and select
      Users.

      The Users page displays.
   2. Select Actions next to a user name and select
      Edit from the dropdown menu.

      The user's page displays.
   3. Select Permission Profile and choose the name of
      your new permission profile from the dropdown menu.
   4. Select Save Changes at the bottom of the
      page.

      The user's page closes. The Users page displays a message: You successfully
      update the user (user name.)

You have completed the process. You have created a Workflow Builder
permission profile and granted access to a user. The user can [start workflows from Salesforce
records](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=qwr1706590641805&topicId=tskcae26f13-f2e5-4afd-85a7-145a70b12977.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to start a Docusign workflow from a Start with Docusign action.").
