---
title: Use Contract Agents to Complete Requests in Agreement Desk
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=msb1736279079453&topicId=conc18a847e-48f9-46f0-9fe0-4e86781265a6.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:40:43Z'
---

# Use Contract Agents to Complete Requests in Agreement Desk

Read about how AI Agreement Desk Agents in Agreement Desk automate time-intensive tasks within Agreement Desk, improving efficiency and reducing manual effort for users.

Note: The AI agents must be enabled by an administrator for you to use
this feature.

AI Contract Agents are specialized assistants that operate behind the scenes to automate
time-intensive tasks within Agreement Desk, improving efficiency and reducing manual
effort for users.

Agreement Desk AI Contract Agents work in these Agreement Desk
tasks.

AI Contract Agents help with the following:

- Intake: Understands the context of requests and intelligently pulls relevant details
  from emails and attachments. The extracted details are used to populate forms with
  highly accurate and meaningful information.
- Message Drafting (Beta): Quickly converts a request status or a markup summary to an
  email that you can send to stakeholders.

Important: Make sure you review the agents' results for
accuracy and suitability for your request.

## Intake

Contract agents read and understand emails and attachments.

1. When a user sends an email to the Agreement Desk intake
   email address, the intake agent automatically analyzes the content of the
   email and attachments.
2. Agreement Desk sends an email to the submitter with a
   link to begin the intake process.
3. When the user begins the intake process, the intake agent suggests
   an intake form based on the context of the user's email and attachments.
4. The user evaluates the request type recommendation to confirm that
   it is appropriate and accepts or changes it.
5. Agreement Desk extracts key information from the
   original email request and any attachments. The agent then pre-fills
   relevant fields in the form with the extracted information.
6. The user reviews the form and, if necessary, completes fields that
   are not completed and submits the completed request.

## Message Drafting (Beta)

Contract agents quickly convert a request status or a markup summary to an
email that you can send to stakeholders.
