---
title: Compare Docusign Agreement Desk and Docusign Workspaces
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=msb1736279079453&topicId=cone5f82f9c-0fb4-4eb2-af81-f5a0c0d71138.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:40:42Z'
---

# Compare Docusign Agreement Desk and Docusign Workspaces

Learn about the features of Docusign Agreement Desk and Docusign Workspaces.

Docusign provides two features for agreement and task
workflows.

Workspaces is a secure, collaborative, customer-facing hub that consolidates
all agreements and tasks related to a specific transaction. Workspaces streamline
multi-step agreement processes and enhances the customer experience by reducing
frustration and abandonment.

Agreement Desk, in contrast, is intended for internal business use.
You can manage the process of creating, preparing, and getting agreements from request
to signature, focusing on internal workflows rather than customer interactions.

Integration between Workspaces and Agreement Desk is planned for the future but
is not currently available.

## Workspaces features

Workspaces centralizes people, agreements, and information in one place. This
function provides up-to-the-minute collaboration, role-based permissions, and
built-in authentication to accelerate transactions and improve organization.

For detailed information, see the [Docusign Workspaces](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=bmb1723842049882&topicId=ovf1725900699633.html&_LANG=enus) article.

**Use Case Examples**

- A customer opens a new investment account. Workspaces provides a
  streamlined and secure experience for external participants.
- A healthcare administrator opens a surgical procedure
  authorization.

For additional use cases, see the [Docusign Workspace Use Case Guide](https://dsucustomers.docusign.com/km-guide-docusign-workspaces-use-case-guide/2413946).

## Agreement Desk features

Agreement Desk handles the stages for agreement creation and
preparation, while Workspaces focuses on the commit and execution stages. Agreement Desk provides a streamlined experience for external
participants such as customers.

For detailed information, see the [Welcome to Docusign
Agreement Desk](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=msb1736279079453&topicId=oan1736279133237.html&_LANG=enus) article.

**Use Case Examples**

- A marketing employee submits a request to create a new vendor
  agreement.
- A Human Resources employee sends an offer letter to a prospective
  employee.

For additional use cases, see the [Docusign Agreement Desk Use Case
Guide](https://dsucustomers.docusign.com/km-guide-agreement-desk-use-case-examples/2298236).
