---
title: Manage the Request Status
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=msb1736279079453&topicId=hwx1750186254953.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T22:40:44Z'
---

# Manage the Request Status

Read about how users indicate the state of a request by setting the status.

To make it easy for stakeholders to track the status of requests, the requests dashboard
reflects the current state of a request with a status. The request owner can change the
status to reflect the current state, and admins can create custom status labels tailored
to their organization's need.

To ensure accurate reporting, it's a good practice to mark the status of completed
requests as Closed, to ensure accurate reporting. Agreement Desk
reports include only closed requests. So closed requests that have a status of Open are
not reflected in the reports.The status for requests is visible in the dashboard.

## Default statuses

All Agreement Desk accounts include these statuses a that can be
modified at any time:

- Business Review
- Closed
- In-progress
- Legal Reviews
- New
- Waiting for Signature

Request owners can set the status from the Information area on the
Overview tab in a request. See the [Reorder Statuses](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mapf0ca9167-3825-4b36-a385-e98321f7adb5&topicId=ibv1746742497759.html&_LANG=enus) the article for more information.

## Customization options

If your
organization requires a wider range of or more specific status options, an
administrator can create custom statuses, with custom colors, to fit the
organization's needs. See the topic Edit a Custom Status. [Create a Custom Status for Requests](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=mapf0ca9167-3825-4b36-a385-e98321f7adb5&topicId=mkt1746739630705.html&_LANG=enus).
