---
title: Web Forms
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=brp1660583998599.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:23Z'
---

# Web Forms

Read about how Web Forms simplifies creating and completing digital forms online, streamlines data collection, and generates signed agreements.

 

## Overview

Web Forms are online documents based on an eSignature template, an uploaded file, or a standalone document that recipients complete to generate a signed agreement, reducing manual data entry and improving their experience.

Note: FedRAMP accounts have access to Web Forms.

## Web Form benefits

Web Forms streamline data collection for your organization by simplifying how information is captured and managed.

You can:

- Build and edit interactive forms with a no-code interface to reduce IT costs.
- Allow recipients to complete forms easily on mobile devices.
- Enable basic form edits, such as adding or configuring fields.
- Use conditional logic to show or hide fields based on recipient input.
- Pre-populate a PDF agreement with Web Form data and send it for signature.
- Scale and support more advanced use cases with [Advanced Web Forms](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=cew1729885982169.html&_LANG=enus).

## Before you begin

Before creating a form, make sure you know how to create and use eSignature templates:

- If you are new to eSignature templates, see the [Template Basics](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=oxv1578456598913.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
- Have a template ready? Review the template checklist in the [Prepare a Template to Import to a Web Form](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=xtj1660594293452.html&_LANG=enus) guide to confirm it is compatible with the form.
