---
title: Troubleshooting Web Form Template Error Messages
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=daj1693431228925.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:25Z'
---

# Troubleshooting Web Form Template Error Messages

Read about how to resolve common template error messages when importing templates into Web Forms.

 

You can resolve common template error messages that occur when you import templates into Web Forms by reviewing the specific message and applying the recommended fix.

The template must have at least one document
:   - A template must contain at least one document.
    - Make sure you add at least one document to the template.

The template must not have supplemental documents because your account is not fully enabled for this feature
:   - Your current eSignature plan isn't enabled to add supplemental documentation.
    - Remove the supplemental documents from the template. Upgrade to an eSignature plan supporting supplemental documents to add this feature.
:   Note: This error usually occurs when you move a form configuration from an account that supports supplemental documents to one that doesn’t support supplemental documents.

    For more information about supplemental documents, see the [Supplemental Documents](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=zsq1583277359502.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

All recipients on the template must have a unique role name
:   - One (or more) of your recipients on the template doesn't have a unique name.
    - Make sure that all recipients on the template have a unique role name, for example, Applicant, Co-applicant, Signer, and so on.

The template must not include "In Person Signer", "Signs with Witness", or "Signs with Notary" recipients
:   - These recipient roles are currently not supported in Web Forms.
    - Remove any "In Person Signer", "Signs with Witness", or "Signs with Notary" recipients from the template.

The template must have a "Needs to Sign" recipient in the first position of the signing order
:   - There's no recipient listed in the first position of the signing order.
    - Make sure that at least one recipient in the first position of the signing order is assigned to a "Needs to Sign" action.

The primary recipient on the template must not be a signing group
:   - The primary recipient cannot be a signing group.
    - Make sure that the recipient who is designated as the "primary recipient" on the form isn't a signing group.

**Recipients can only have "email" as a delivery option**
:   - The SMS delivery is not currently supported.
    - Make sure all recipients on the template only have email as a delivery option.

The template must not use SMS or phone authentication
:   - SMS and phone authentication are not supported
    - Make sure that identity verification settings associated with recipients on the template are not using SMS or phone authentication.

Placeholder recipients on the template must have blank values for both name and email
:   - The name and email fields for a placeholder recipient are not blank.
    - Make sure that placeholder recipients on the template have blank values for both the name and email fields. If you are referencing a signing group, ensure it's properly configured as a recipient on the template. For more information about signing groups, see the [Signing Groups](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gav1643676262430&topicId=zgn1578456447934.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

      Note: This error usually occurs when a form configuration is moved from an account that has a specific signing group to one that doesn't.

The template must not use SMS or phone authentication
:   - SMS and phone authentication are currently not supported in Web Forms.
    - Ensure that the identity verification settings associated with recipients on the template are not using SMS or phone authentication.

To continue set an envelope type
:   When you select the "Edit Template Settings" action in Web Forms, you must assign an [envelope category](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=tvp1724803837658.html&_LANG=enus) to the template. This field is required.

Data label can't be blank
:   - A data label on your template was left blank.
    - A data label identifies a data field. You cannot leave a data label blank; you must add a descriptive name in the Data Label field.

**Data label must have a descriptive display name**
:   - The data label name isn't descriptive. It might be a machine code (for example, "45&ar\*00") or blank.
    - Add a descriptive display name for the data label on the template in the Data Label field. A descriptive name reflects the field. For example, a label for a Name field might be "Applicant Name".

Dropdown options can't be blank
:   - The dropdown field options descriptions are blank.
    - Add unique values in the dropdown Options field on the template.

Dropdown options must be unique
:   - There are duplicate dropdown field options. All options must be unique.
    - Ensure that all dropdown options are unique. Change any duplicate option on the template.

Group Label can't be blank
:   - The Radio Group label is blank.
    - Add a descriptive group label for a Radio Group field

Group Label must be descriptive
:   - Group data label must be descriptive.
    - Add a descriptive display name for the group label on the radio fields.

Radio values can't be blank
:   - The radio values are blank on the template.
    - Make sure you add unique radio values.

Radio values must be unique
:   - There are duplicate option values, which must be unique.
    - Make sure that all radio values are unique.

Checkbox values can't be blank
:   - The checkbox values are blank on the template.
    - Add a unique name for each checkbox.

Checkbox values must be unique
:   - There are duplicate checkbox values on the template.
    - Make sure the checkbox value that you add is unique

Checkbox data labels must be unique
:   - The data label on the template is not unique.
    - Make sure the checkbox data label you add is unique.

    Select the checkbox group and enter a name in the Data Label field. In this example, the data label is Locations. Then select the Checkbox Values field and add values that match the number of checkboxes. In this example, the values are "North", "South", "East", and "West".

    For more information about using data labels, see the [Create a Data Label on a Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=yis1665092718418.html&_LANG=enus "Read about how to create clear, descriptive data labels on template fields so senders can easily identify each form field.") guide.

The template must not include any pre-fill document fields.
:   - Pre-fill document fields are not supported in Web Forms or in Workflow Builder workflows that use Web Forms.
    - Remove all pre-fill document fields from the template before importing it into Web Forms or using it in a Workflow Builder workflow.
