---
title: Limitations and Considerations for Web Forms
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=hjv1686940185785.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:24Z'
---

# Limitations and Considerations for Web Forms

Read about the limitations and considerations for Web Forms, including analytics, attachments, customization, data management, and more.

There are some limitations and considerations for Web Forms:

## Analytics and reporting

Does Web Forms have an analytics or reporting feature?
:   Yes. For more information, see the [Generate a Field-Level Data Report to Analyze Web Form Responses](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=ynu1689886125053.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

## Attachments

How many attachment fields can you add to a Web Form?
:   You can add up to 15 attachment fields to a form.

## Customization

Can you customize a Web Form?
:   Yes. You can apply a logo and update branding colors on a form. For more information, see the [Add a Brand to a Web Form](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=zpa1664994114237.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

Can you present data in several structures, for example, a credit card number in the structure XXX-XXX-XX?
:   Custom text field validation is supported with regular expressions, which require data to match a specific format (such as XXX-XXX-XX). For more information, visit the [Regex website](https://regexlearn.com/).

Can you use formula fields in a Web Form?
:   Formula fields are not currently supported in Web Forms but they are supported during signing.

Can you embed a Web Form in an iframe?
:   Yes, but be aware of the limitations and concerns about using iframes. For more information, see the [Better alternatives to iframes for embedding documents](https://www.docusign.com/blog/developers/the-problems-iframes) article.

## Conditional logic

Can you write a script for a conditional rule, or are the conditions built-in?
:   There is no scripting functionality when specifying conditional rules.

## Data storage and management

Is there a version management process for Web Forms?
:   Web Forms provides basic version management, allowing you to edit a Draft version without affecting the Active version. When you activate a draft, it becomes the active version. You cannot revert to a previous version.

Can you reuse Web Forms data?
:   Web Forms collects data for a single use, such as completing a document. To reuse data across multiple forms or documents, use Web Forms APIs to automatically populate forms with previously captured data. For information about APIs, see the [Web Forms API 101](https://developers.docusign.com/docs/web-forms-api/) guide.

## Mobile experience

Is Web Forms mobile responsive?
:   Yes. Web Forms is mobile responsive.

## Offline functionality

Do you need an internet connection to complete a Web Form?
:   A Web Form requires an internet connection.

## Sending

Can you limit the number of form submissions (similar to the PowerForms functionality)?
:   No, this functionality is not currently available.

Is it possible to have multiple users complete the same form?
:   Yes. Web Forms supports multiple users. For more information about multi-recipient Web Forms, see the [Build a Multiple-Recipient Web Form](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=inc1745950777430.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

Can you change the eSignature “sender” for envelopes generated from a Web Form?
:   Yes, but you can't assign a sender directly. When you activate a Web Form, an authorization step requests permission for a user to be the eSignature sender for envelopes generated from that form.
:   The user who authorizes the account and activates the form does not need to be the original creator or owner, but must be an eSignature administrator. To change the sender, an eSignature administrator reactivates the form, authorizes their account, and activates the form on behalf of the creator or owner.

Can you use "In Person Signers", "Sign with Notary", or "Sign with Witness" recipient signer types for a Web Form?
:   No, currently Web Forms does not support these signing types.

## Templates

Can you associate a Web Form with multiple templates?
:   Currently, a Web Form can be associated with only one eSignature template.

Can you pass variables and values into the Web Form URL as you can with a PowerForm link?
:   Yes. For more information, see the [Prefill a Web Form By URL](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=kup1721242003741.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

## Web Forms and other eSignature features

Will Web Forms replace PowerForms?
:   No. You can continue to use PowerForms and convert an existing PowerForm to a Web Form. For more information, see the [Differences Between Web Forms and PowerForms](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=dly1660584518825.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

Is Advanced Web Forms included in Web Forms?
:   No. Advanced Web Forms is a separate add-on to Business Pro or higher Docusign eSignature direct plans and is included in Docusign IAM plans (Professional and higher).

Can you use a document generation template in Web Forms?
:   Web Forms does not support document generation. Remove any documents that use document generation from templates that include this functionality.

Can you use Web Forms with Bulk Sends?
:   Not at this time.

Can you use Web Forms with CLM?
:   Web Forms are created and managed in eSignature and can trigger CLM workflows through Agreement Actions. However, you can't bypass the signature step after submitting the form, so this might not be the ideal experience.

Does Web Forms support CFR Part 11 accounts?
:   Yes. Select "Initiate signing session from email" in the Web Form signature step.

Can you resend an envelope generated with Web Forms?
:   Yes, but only when "Initiate signing session from email" is enabled in the Web Form configuration (on the signature page in the Web Forms Builder).

Can you use collaborative fields on templates associated with Web Forms?
:   Yes. If you select "Changes Require Initials", you must also select "Initiate signing session from email" in the Web Form configuration (on the signature page in the Web Forms Builder). For more information about collaborative fields, see the [Collaborative Fields](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=lsv1579552570897.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
