---
title: Populate Read-Only Fields on a Web Form
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=hty1709929728541.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:25Z'
---

# Populate Read-Only Fields on a Web Form

Learn how to populate Web Forms with read-only fields by setting default values or using the Web Forms API so recipients cannot change prefilled information.

Sometimes you need to create a form with read-only fields. For example, you might have a radio field with "Yes" or "No" options that should always be "Yes" for certain users, or a form where only one recipient’s information is prefilled.

You can create a form with prefilled values that recipients cannot change or delete. Add values for read-only fields in two ways:

- **Set default values for the field.** Select the default value for the field that you want to make read only. For example, for a dropdown field named "Locations", select "PNW" as the default value and toggle the Read only option.

  Note: Use this for fields with default options, such as options or checkboxes.
- **Set values through the Web Forms API.** Use this method for fields without default values, such as "Name" or "Email". For example, for a form for a specific person, use the Web Forms API to prefill personal information fields, such as "Applicant Name", so they are read only. For more information about the Web Forms API, see the [Web Forms API 101](https://developers.docusign.com/docs/web-forms-api/web-forms-101/) guide.

  Note: Read-only fields can't be modified by the person completing the form. Their values must be set either through the API or by assigning a default value.
