---
title: Add a Field Rule to a Web Form
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=inf1660603502823.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:24Z'
---

# Add a Field Rule to a Web Form

Learn how to use the Web Forms Builder to create, edit, and apply show-or-hide rules to form fields and pages.

You can create rules easily using the Web Forms rule builder to show or hide specific fields and pages based on how users respond to form questions.

Note: Form users can't change read-only field values. An administrator updates these values using an API or by setting a default value for the field.

In the IF section:

- Select the field that you want to add a rule to. That field displays after
  IF.
- Select an operation for the field. An operation is an action. For example, "is" or "is not",
  "filled in" or "not filled in", and so on. Depending on the operation, you may
  see an additional field. For example, if you select the operation "is on or
  after", a date field displays.
- When you select an operation, a plus sign (+) displays so you can add another condition.

In the THEN section:

- Select Show or Hide to show or
  hide a field or page.
- For the Select field, page, or document field, select the field, page, or document for the rule to show or hide.

Note:

- When you create a web form from a template, its rules are automatically imported.
- If you update or add rules in the template, they don't automatically sync to the form. Likewise, rule changes on the form don't sync back to the template after the initial import, so you must manually update or add rules on the form.

1. Select the field on the form where you want to add a rule.
2. Select the Rules tab. If there are rules associated with the field, they display on the Rules tab.
   If no rules are associated with the field, the message "No rules applied to
   [field name]" displays in the Rules tab.
3. Select Create Rule. The name of the field you selected displays in the IF
   field, for example, "Date of Birth".
4. For IF, select the dropdown to choose an operator.

   An operator is a word or phrase that defines the rule, such as is, is not, contains, or does not contain.

   A new field displays.
5. Add a value to the blank field. For example, for the "Date of Birth" field, you
   selected the is on or after operator. Enter the date in
   the date field.
6. To add another field to the rule, select the plus sign (+). For example, if you want the response from a second field, select the and or or operator, and then select the field.

   After setting up the IF, you must set up the
   THEN part of the rule.
7. Select Show to display a field based on a response, or Hide to hide a field.
8. Select the field to display when the rule conditions are met. For example, for a rule on the Date of Birth field, select "Provide valid identification".
9. After the rule is set up, select Apply.

   The following example shows the rule, "If the birthday is on or after Jan. 1, 2005, then
   show Provide valid identification".

   The rule displays on the Rules tab.
10. Select the pencil icon to edit the rule, if necessary.

After you add or edit rules, the form dynamically shows or hides fields and pages based on user responses, and the configured rules display on the Rules tab for the selected field.
