---
title: Manage Access to Web Form Submission Data
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=kbg1740597699270.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:24Z'
---

# Manage Access to Web Form Submission Data

Learn how to manage access to form submission data by sharing it with users or groups and controlling their permissions.

Form creators and administrators can manage submission data with other users or groups on an account. This data includes all the information from the collected responses, such as recipient names.

A user can have access to all form submission data or no access:

- Can Access All Data: Users can access all form submission data.
- Remove: Access is removed from the user.

Note: The user you share form data with must have Web Forms permissions. For information about assigning Web Forms permissions, see the [Add Web Form Permissions for Users](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=kfl1679340366644.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

1. Go to the Templates page.
2. Select My Web Forms or Shared with Me.
3. Select More Actions (...) next to the form that you want and select Manage Data Access.

   The Manage data access for this web form window opens.
4. In the Add user or group field, enter the names of the users or groups that you want to grant data access to.
5. Select Can Access All Data from the dropdown.

   Note: If you want to remove access from the user or group, select Remove from the dropdown and Save.
6. Select Share.

The user or group you added now has access to the form submission data.
