---
title: Prefill a Web Form By URL
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=kup1721242003741.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:25Z'
---

# Prefill a Web Form By URL

Learn how to prefill Web Form fields by adding API-based values to the form URL so recipients see partially or fully completed forms. Prefilling by API is available only with Advanced Web Forms.

Manual form prefilling works like [PowerForms](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=jbx1643062255110&topicId=pnz1578456644088.html&_LANG=enus): when you send the form link, recipients see some or all fields already filled in.

With Advanced Web Forms, you can prefill a form using an API. For more information, see the [Web Forms API 101](https://developers.docusign.com/docs/web-forms-api/web-forms-101/?_gl=1*mhe2jk*_gcl_au*MTc1NTM0NTY1NS4xNzczOTUyMTI4) guide.

Prefilled values use the API reference name in the Properties tab. You can edit this name to match the field. Prefill values override default values.

Tip: This feature is intended for users comfortable working with code. Decide which fields to prefill before you start. Prefill values override default values.

Text field
:   The value can be any valid text. Percent-encode special characters and spaces. For example, to prefill a text field with "New York", enter `New%20York`. For more about percent-encoding (URL-encoding), see the [Percent-encoding](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Percent-encoding) guide.

Email field
:   The value can be any valid, properly formatted email address. Web Forms validates that the value is a properly formatted email on the web form.

Date field
:   The value must use the YYYY-MM-DD format.

Number field
:   The value must be in the format XXXX.XX. Use periods for decimal places and exclude "thousands" separators. For example, don’t use numbers such as 10,000 or 20.5. Instead, use 10000 or 20.5.

Dropdown field
:   The value must match a valid API value from the dropdown options.

Radio field
:   The value must match a valid API value for a radio option.

Checkbox field
:   The value must match a valid API value from the checkbox options. To select multiple options, use a comma-separated list of API values, for example, "yes", "no", "maybe".

1. Open an active form. For more information about activating a form, see the [Activate a Web Form](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=iri1669070601520.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
2. Select Use.
3. In the Get URL tab, select the copy link icon.
4. Select Edit Form.
5. Select the field that you want to prefill, and in Properties, find API reference name.
6. Copy the API reference name.
7. Enter a hashtag (#) at the end of the URL link.
8. Enter the [API reference name]=[Value]. For example, https://demo.services.docusign.net/webforms-ux/v1.0/forms/5ce56ce725a431d3b8fe47ffd761e963#Applicant\_name=Mary%20Jones.
9. To add another field, enter an ampersand (&amp;) and the field's API reference name.

   https://demo.services.docusign.net/webforms-ux/v1.0/forms/5ce56ce725a431d3b8fe47ffd761e963#Applicant\_name=Mary%20Jones&Primary\_Phone=123-234-2345.
10. To prefill a dropdown or radio field, use its API reference name and API value. For example, to select beige for a field named "My Color", use the value "Beige".

    https://demo.services.docusign.net/webforms-ux/v1.0/forms/5ce56ce725a431d3b8fe47ffd761e963#Applicant\_name=Mary%20Jones&Primary\_Phone=123-234-2345&My\_Color=Beige.
11. To add a checkbox field, enter a comma-separated list of values for the field's API reference name. For example, for the "My\_ShirtStyle" checkbox, enter the value for each option you want to select.

    https://demo.services.docusign.net/webforms-ux/v1.0/forms/5ce56ce725a431d3b8fe47ffd761e963#Applicant\_name=Mary%20Jones&Primary\_Phone=123-234-2345&My\_Color=Beige&My\_ShirtStyle=Long%20Sleeve,Short%20Sleeve,Button%20Down.

When someone opens the URL with prefilled values, the form fields are already completed, helping ensure accurate and efficient submission.
