---
title: Add a Document Rule to a Web Form
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=qvz1729637084872.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:25Z'
---

# Add a Document Rule to a Web Form

Learn how to add document rules to a Web Form template so specific documents display only to recipients who meet defined conditions.

You can add rules to any document in a form template so it displays only to specific recipients when the rule conditions are met. The template must include at least two documents.

For example, your organization sends a New Account application to residents of New York, California, and Texas. New York residents must complete an addendum, so you add it to the template and create a rule that requires only New York recipients to review and sign it.

Note: This functionality is available only in Advanced Web Forms, which is sold as a separate add-on to Docusign eSignature plans and is included in Docusign IAM plans (Professional and above).

1. Add the document to the template.
   1. Add the document when you create the form, or
   2. Select Template Actions in the Web Forms Builder, and select Edit Template Settings to add the document.
2. In the Web Form Builder, select the Rules tab to set up the rule.

   Rules you create for fields on additional documents do not automatically apply to the form. Add the rule manually in the form.
3. Select the field for the rule.

   For example, for a document for New York residents only to sign, you might select the State field.
4. Create a rule for the selected field as described in the [Add Field Rules to a Web Form](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=inf1660603502823.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
   1. Specify the condition (IF) for the selected field.
   2. Specify the action (THEN) for the rule, and select the document you want to show under Documents.

      For example, to set up the rule for the New York document, select "New York Addendum".
5. To add more rules, select Create Another Rule as needed, and activate the form.

   When you set up a rule for a field on the additional document, the rule doesn't apply to the form automatically. Add the rule manually on the form.
6. Activate the form.

When recipients open the form, only the documents whose rule conditions are met are displayed for them to review and sign.
