---
title: Build or Update a Web Form with Attachment Fields
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=ymm1721679198157.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T19:50:24Z'
---

# Build or Update a Web Form with Attachment Fields

Read about how to build or update a Web Form with attachment fields or import them from a template that includes attachments.

You can create attachment fields directly on a form or import them from a template that includes them. After you import the attachment fields, recipients can upload documents only through the form, not through the template.

Note: The attachment feature is available for forms built with templates and [standalone forms](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=pbx1716585514741.html&_LANG=enus). In standalone forms, attachment features are available only when the form is used in a Docusign Workflow Builder workflow. Your account must be enabled with Workflow Builder to see this option. For more information about using attachments in Docusign Workflow Builder, see the [Docusign Workflow Builder](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=yff1696971835267&topicId=dnx1696972415150.html&_LANG=enus) guide.

Recipients can upload only one file per attachment field, so anticipate how many attachments they may need. For example, if you import an attachment field for "Lease Agreements" and users might have multiple agreements, add additional attachment fields to the web form. You can add up to 15 attachment fields per form.

To import a template with attachment fields, build the form, and the fields are imported automatically. To add attachment fields manually, see the [Importing Attachment Fields from a eSignature Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gmi1660583110357&topicId=oyz1722621351928.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
