---
title: Use Approved Apps
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=aak1747679824594.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:55:05Z'
---

# Use Approved Apps

Learn about Docusign approved extension apps and who can install and use.

Approved extension apps are a type of Docusign Packaged app that is available for use by all users in your organization.

## Extension app types

The following types of extension apps are available on the Docusign App Center:

- Packaged
  - Docusign built apps using Docusign user credentials with a partner system
  - Require no user authentication
  - Example: Smarty: Address entry and verification
- Partner
  - Docusign partner-built app
  - Requires user authentication with the partner system
  - Example: Stripe: Accept online payments

You can manually approve any App Center app. If you are already an administrator for an account that access IAM plans that include Docusign-built Data Verification and File Storage apps, these apps are automatically approved.

## How approved apps work

Previously, only Docusign Admins could install extension apps. App installation is required before any organization user in a Docusign account can use the app.

Now, upon purchasing a Docusign plan that includes packaged apps, all Docusign users can install and use approved apps in eSignature, Webforms, Workflow Builder, and Agreement Manager. Additionally:

- If you already administer an account that has access to an IAM plan that includes approved apps, those apps are automatically approved for your accounts.
- If you add IAM plans to either a new or existing account, these apps are approved for your account within ten minutes.

In these cases, you receive an in-product and email notification in the product alerting you that these apps are available for account users.

Docusign Account administrators can:

- View the approved apps page, including all approved apps and apps available for approval
- Install any app included in your plan, regardless of its pre-approval status
- Approve new apps
- Manage approved app settings
  - Permit users to install apps
  - View an approved app's detail page
  - Remove an app from approval

    Note: Existing users can continue to use the app. To restrict all access to an app, uninstall the app.
  - Uninstall apps
- Reinstall apps

  Docusign Workflow Builder workflows and eSignature templates are affected when you uninstall and reinstall apps and their connections.

  - If you uninstall and reinstall an app, you must reinstall and reconfigure the eSignature template or the app step in the Workflow Builder workflow.
  - If you delete an app's connection, you must create a new connection. Then, you must reconfigure the app step with this new connection. See the [Create Docusign App Connections](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=zsb1714159452358.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to create Docusign apps connections for different user credentials in Docusign agreement workflows. You can create connections that are shared by all account users or used privately by the user who created the app connection.") article for details.
  - You can refresh an installed app's connection without affecting a workflow or template. See the [Reconnect a Docusign App Connection](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=qkv1716320270335.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to use the Docusign app Reconnect a connection feature to reestablish the Docusign app’s connection to workflows.") article for details.

**Account (non-admin) users**  can:

- View apps approved for their use:
  - Use the Approved for you filter as described in Use the Approved for you filter to customize your apps in the [Locate Docusign Apps for Your Workflow Processes](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=ljy1744998611944.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to locate apps you can use in your workflow processes by using the Docusign Search feature and Works With and Industry filters.") article.
  - Visit the [Detail Page](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=xkg1702568563800.html&_LANG=enus "Use a Docusign app's detail page to view important information such as an app summary, features, permissions, and resources.") for an approved app and see that it is approved available for to install
- Install apps
- Manage app connections
