---
title: 'Use Case: Locate Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDAs) for a Customer'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=art1702945261900.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:23:55Z'
---

# Use Case: Locate Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDAs) for a Customer

Learn how to use Agreement Manager filters to locate a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) for a customer.

As a contract viewer, you want to verify the non-disclosure agreement (NDA) for a customer. The NDA might be a separate agreement or combined as part of a master service agreement (MSA). Different NDAs are needed based on the type of discussions that you have with customers and vendors.

Use the available filters to locate NDAs for a specific customer.

1. Log in to your Docusign account.

   The Docusign Home page opens.
2. Select Agreements from the global header.

   The Docusign Agreements page opens.
3. Select Completed from the AGREEMENTS section in the navigation pane.

   The Agreement Manager homepage opens and the Completed Documents view is displayed. The total document count is displayed the bottom-right corner of the view. This count is updated when you perform a search or apply filters.

   Filter this view to locate NDAs for a specific customer.
4. Expand the Filters option and select the Parties filter.

   The Parties filter opens.
5. Enter the name of the party in the Search field.

   The results list updates to match the search term you entered.
6. Choose the relevant party and select Apply.

   The table updates and agreements that are tied to the selected party or group are displayed. The document count is also updated based on the applied filter.
7. Locate NDA information for the selected customer:
   - Expand the Agreement Type filter and enter Non-Disclosure Agreement in the Search field. The results list updates to match the search term you entered. Select the Non-Disclosure Agreement option and select Apply.
   - Enter NDA or Non-Disclosure Agreement in the search field and select Enter.

   The table displays NDAs for the selected customer. The document count is also updated to reflect the applied filters or entered search criteria.

   Tip: If you suspect that the NDA is part of an MSA, perform a keyword search to locate all NDA information for the selected customer. Unlike applying filters, keyword searches look at the full agreement content to locate the search term.
8. Review the list and select the agreement that you want to review.

   The Agreement preview page opens for the selected agreement. The Details pane is displayed by default and contains a list of attributes and suggested field values.
9. Review the agreement to locate the NDA clause.
   1. Select the Search (magnifying glass) icon from the top-right corner of the preview pane.
   2. Enter a keyword or search string in the Find in Document field. If the value exists, the keyword or search string is highlighted in the agreement.
   3. Use the Next and Previous arrows to scroll through the results.

   Tip: Select (click) an attribute to view the value within the context of the agreement. The agreement jumps to the location of the value and highlights it.
10. Select the Close (x) arrow in the top-left corner.

    The Completed Documents view opens. Your previously entered search criteria and applied filters are still in effect.

You have successfully located the NDA for a selected customer.
