---
title: File Ingestion from Third-Party Cloud Storage Providers
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=byx1727376126901.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:31:50Z'
---

# File Ingestion from Third-Party Cloud Storage Providers

This topic answers the question: How can I upload selected files to Agreement Manager from
third-party cloud storage providers?

The Agreement Manager upload experience includes the ability to upload files from third-party
cloud storage providers. This experience also lets you choose which files
you want to upload. Benefits of this enhanced ingestion process include:

- Simplified agreement storage - you no longer have to manage agreements in multiple
  storage locations
- Improved internal collaboration
- Single source of truth for signed agreements
- Ability to surface agreement data that would otherwise be sitting unused in cloud
  storage

The upload process supports the following third-party cloud storage providers:

- Box
- Dropbox
- Google Drive
- OneDrive
- SharePoint

Cloud storage providers must first be installed from the Docusign App Center.
This task must be completed by an account administrator.

Important: If these apps were previously installed from
the Docusign App Center, you must uninstall and reinstall them. Due to
versioning issues, backward compatibility is not currently possible.

Note: See the [Organization Administrators](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=rrf1583359212854&topicId=god1583359152535.html) article to learn more about the
required permissions.

**For account administrators:**

The [Install Cloud Storage Apps for Account Administrators](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=twl1726764423921.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to install various cloud storage providers from the Docusign App Center. This topic answers the question: How do I install cloud storage providers so users can upload documents to Agreement Manager?") topic walks you through the steps to install
and enable cloud storage providers. Once enabled, you can choose files from your cloud
storage locations to upload to Agreement Manager for AI processing.
