---
title: 'Use Case: Give Users Permission to View All Agreements in an Account'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=chh1702944587769.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:22:38Z'
---

# Use Case: Give Users Permission to View All Agreements in an Account

Learn how to assign permissions so users can view all agreements in Agreement Manager for their account. This answers the question: How do I give users access to view agreements in Agreement Manager?

In Agreement Manager, users can only view their own shared, received, sent, and uploaded agreements by default. An administrator can give users access to view all agreements in the account.

Note: User permissions are managed at the account-level. Make sure that you are updating records from Accounts administration instead of Organization administration.

1. Log in to your Docusign account using administrator credentials.

   The Docusign Home page opens.
2. Select Admin from the global header.

   The Admin page opens.

   Important: User and group permissions are managed at the *account*-level. Make sure that you are updating records from Accounts administration instead of Organization administration.If your organization has multiple accounts, verify that you are updating the correct account. If necessary, select Accounts from the pane on the left and choose the appropriate account.
3. Select Users from the USERS AND GROUPS section in the navigation pane on the left.

   The Users view opens.
4. Locate the user whose Agreement Manager permissions you want to update:

   1. Expand the dropdown at the top of the page and select Name to search for users by name. You can also search by email address.
   2. Enter the user's name in the Enter Keyword field.
   3. Select Search.

   Users that match the entered search criteria are displayed in the table.
5. Expand the Actions option for the user that you want to update and select the Manage Agreement Manager Access option.

   The User Profile view opens for the selected user. The Agreement Manager Access tab is displayed by default.
6. Turn on the View all agreements in this account toggle (blue position) from the Agreement Manager access section.

   By turning on this toggle, you are giving the user access to view all agreements in the account.

   Note: Turn the toggle off (gray position) to remove the user's access to view all agreements in the account.
7. Select Save Changes.

   Next, go to the audit log to verify the changes.
8. Select Audit Logs from the AUDITING section located at the bottom of the navigation pane.

   The Audit Logs view opens. The audit log table displays records of changes to your account.
9. Locate the change in the table to verify the user's settings were successfully updated.
