---
title: 'Use Case: View Agreements Associated with a Specific Party'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=cnr1702944833994.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:23:13Z'
---

# Use Case: View Agreements Associated with a Specific Party

This topic answers the question: How can I find all the agreements for a specific party? Learn how to filter the agreement list table to view the agreements that are tied to a specific party.

As a contract manager or analyst, you might want to view all existing agreements for a specific customer or vendor before preparing a new agreement. For example, apply filters to locate all master service agreements (MSAs) for a specific party and view data from previous agreements.

1. Log in to your Docusign account.

   The Docusign Home page opens.
2. Select Agreements from the global header.

   The Docusign Agreements page opens.
3. Select Completed Documents from the AGREEMENTS section in the navigation pane.

   The Completed Documents view opens. Use the available filters to locate master service agreements for a specific party.
4. Expand the Filters option and select the Parties filter.
5. Enter the name of the party in the Search field.
6. Choose a party from the list and select Apply.

   Agreements for the selected party are displayed in the agreement list table.
7. Select the party name from the Parties column.

   The party hub opens for the selected party or alias group. The Overview dashboard is displayed.
8. Select the Agreements tab.

   The Agreements tab opens and all the agreements that are tied to the selected party or alias group are listed.

   Further refine the list to locate specific types of agreements.
9. Expand the Agreement Type filter and enter Master Service Agreement in the Search field.
10. Choose Master Service Agreement and select Apply.

    The master service agreements for the selected party are displayed in the table.
11. Customize the table to show key data points for an upcoming renewal:
    1. Select the Show or Hide Fields (toggle) icon located on the right-side of the table.

       The Show or Hide Fields dialog box opens. These fields represent the columns in the table.
    2. Select the toggles to turn the associated field on (blue) or off (white).
    3. Re-order the columns as needed. Hover the cursor over the Reorder (dots) icon for the field that you want to move and drag it to the appropriate location.
    4. Select Save.

    The dialog box closes and the columns are updated according to your configuration.
12. Select one or more agreements to download or export to a CSV file.
    1. Select the agreements that you want to export.
    2. Select Download Documents.

       A zipped folder containing the selected agreements is downloaded to your local Downloads folder.
    3. Select Export to CSV.

       The CSV file is downloaded to your local Downloads folder.
13. Return to the Agreement Manager homepage. Select the Completed option from the navigation pane on the left.

    The Completed Documents view opens. Your previously entered search criteria and applied filters are still in effect.
