---
title: Party Management for CLM Accounts with IAM Plans
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=con40b44395-1791-4003-be9b-cf241e2caaaf.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:54:44Z'
---

# Party Management for CLM Accounts with IAM Plans

Read about party management for CLM accounts with IAM plans. Stakeholders use the IAM platform to manage parties, access party reports, and use Docusign AI to surface party information.

Parties are the people or organizations that you do business with. Docusign CLM accounts with an IAM plan integrate with the Docusign Intelligent Agreement Management (IAM) platform. The platform provides one central place to manage all of your parties.

Important: This party management experience is available only for CLM accounts with an IAM plan. For more information about IAM or IAM plans, see the [IntelligentAgreement Management website](https://www.docusign.com/intelligent-agreement-management) or contact your account representative.

This party management experience also includes the following capabilities:

- Access reports about party agreements
- Use Docusign AI to surface party information during agreement ingestion
- See obligations and insights for each party

Note:

- Party attributes updated in Agreement Manager on a completed agreement will not be updated in CLM.
- For CLM parties to appear and to be in sync in IAM, each party must be mapped to a standard party attribute in CLM. If the party is already mapped to a different custom attribute, contact Professional Services to update your attributes by mapping them to the IAM party field.

For complete information about the party management experience in IAM, see the [Agreement Manager documentation](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=bpv1742428468463.html&_LANG=enus).
