---
title: Maintain Your Custom Extractions
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=conb70da869-2165-47b3-89a5-e44371c76bb1.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:47:50Z'
---

# Maintain Your Custom Extractions

Read about the typical maintenance tasks related to your custom extractions.

Custom extractions unlock organization and industry-specific agreement data and insights beyond the standard Docusign-provided fields. This includes custom agreement types and custom fields. Once the AI detection is enabled for your custom agreement types and fields, these values are surfaced in your agreements.

Note: Administrators automatically have access to configure agreement data. For non-administrator users, this feature requires Organize and manage all agreements access to Agreement Manager. These tasks are primarily completed by administrators and contract managers.

Update your custom extractions regularly for maintenance purposes:

- **Update extraction details for organizational changes.** For example, when business definitions and classifications evolve, you can update the details for your custom extractions.
- **Refine the AI detection for continued accuracy.** For example, when an extracted value becomes increasingly inaccurate, refine the AI detection for the custom extraction. Refining the detection helps the AI model "learn" from your updates and corrections.
- **Delete the AI setup when extractions are no longer relevant.** For example, when a custom extraction is deprecated or retired, you can delete the AI setup.

Typical custom extraction maintenance tasks include:

- Update the details for custom types and fields
- Update the dropdown options for custom fields
- Delete the AI setup for custom types and fields
- Refine the AI detection for custom types and fields

  Restriction: The Refine with AI option is only available for English (U.S.) and English (global) agreements. This function is used to fine-tune the definition for your custom extractions.

See the topics in the Related Content pane on the right to learn more about
these tasks.
