---
title: Agreement Manager for Administrators
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=dpj1702944516878.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:20:01Z'
---

# Agreement Manager for Administrators

Read about how administrators interact with Agreement Manager, including typical administrator tasks and example use cases.

Account administrators automatically have full secure access to all Agreement Manager features by
default. This access includes bulk ingestion and agreement set management
functionality. For example, administrators can use agreement sets to ensure that
only the appropriate users have access to sensitive documents.

Restriction: While administrators automatically have
full access to all the Agreement Manager features, they do not have access to
view the agreements. Access is explicitly assigned to administrators for them to
view any of the agreements in the account. See the [Agreement Sharing and Downloads](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=hrr1722978886188.html&_LANG=enus "This topic answers the question: What are my direct sharing and download options for Agreement Manager documents, including the required permissions?") article to learn more about sharing agreements
with others.

Note: This varies by organization. In some cases, the administrator is an IT persona who only manages users and settings. In smaller organizations, the administrator plays a bigger role and might manage agreements, permissions, and settings.

Typical administrator tasks:

- Manage user and group access to agreements in the repository
- Assign bulk upload permission to users
- Give users and groups access to Agreement Manager agreements and features
- Enable cloud storage providers from the Docusign App Center

See the use case topics in the Related Content section on the right to learn how to complete a few basic administrator tasks in Agreement Manager.
