---
title: Renewals Management
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=hjg1712251035061.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:39:52Z'
---

# Renewals Management

Read about how Agreement Manager supports renewal management, including available tools, use
cases, and key features. This topic answers the question: What are my renewal management
options for Agreement Manager agreements, including tools and key features?

Renewals management helps you use agreement data to act on renewals and terminations.

 

This functionality helps organizations achieve:

- **Operational efficiency:** provides one source of truth and automated processes that help
  keep stakeholders informed of terminated or auto-renewed agreements.
- **Cost savings:** makes you aware of upcoming renewals and terminations.

  Organizations
  waste money when they unintentionally miss renegotiation and termination windows
  for agreements that no longer serve any purpose.
- **Increased revenue:** gives you the chance to contact customers proactively for
  renewals and cuts down on unintentional terminations.
- **Compliance:** ensures that you don’t miss important dates so you stay compliant.
- **Competitive advantage:** increases your sales cycle and gives you a competitive
  advantage.

Three main tools or functions support renewals management:

1. Renewals dashboard displays filterable charts about your
   agreements:
   - Upcoming renewals
   - Renewals by type
2. Renewal-related email report subscriptions and document-level notifications.
3. Data validation ensures the accuracy of renewal-related attribute values within agreements.
   These values drive insight into agreement renewals and feed into the
   Renewals dashboard and the email notifications.

The primary users of renewals management functionality are contract managers, procurement
managers, legal operations managers, and sales operations managers. The table lists the
use cases for each role.

| **Role** | **Use cases** |
| --- | --- |
| Contract managers | Visibility into which agreements automatically renew to ensure enough time to:  - Renegotiate for more favorable terms - Terminate the contract window   Ability to recognize the status or relationship with a counter-party when an agreement has been renewed or terminated.  The ability to see when renewal notices are due to better plan workloads. |
| Procurement managers | Ability to identify when agreements are up for renewal ahead of the due date notice. Extra time is required to determine if the organization wants to renew, terminate, or amend. Visibility into the dollar amount involved in a renewal, including cost savings by renegotiating or terminating the contract. |
| Legal operations managers | An accurate and systematic way to track renewal information without resorting to manual processes. Access management to ensure that the right stakeholders have access to agreements for upcoming renewals or expiration. |
| Sales operations managers | Sales support to ensure that teams have accurate information about renewals so they can proactively secure the renewal or upsell. |

## Expiration date extension for auto-renewing agreements

When an auto-renewing agreement reaches its expiration date, the date is extended based on the agreement's renewal term. This action happens automatically and requires no user input. For example, if the expiration date is January 1, 2025 with a 1-year renewal term, the expiration date updates to January 1, 2026 when the current date equals January 1, 2025.

Important: This feature relies on the accuracy of the agreement's Expiration
Date, Renewal Type, and Renewal Term values. Although
these values are extracted from your agreements, you should review and validate
them for accuracy. See the [Validate Renewal-Related Attribute Values for an Agreement](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=sah1712251075016.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to validate renewal-related attribute values for a selected agreement.") article to learn
more about completing a data review.

The expiration date extension feature applies to agreements with a Renewal Type of Auto Renew or Evergreen.

Agreements with auto-renewal continue to auto-renewal until the agreement is no longer active or in effect. See the [Update the Agreement Status for a Document](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=tsk70e560e8-5e5d-4738-8bb6-0b815994274f.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to update the agreement status for a document.") article to learn how to change an agreement's status.

CAUTION: If an auto-renewing agreement does not have a Renewal Term value, the agreement remains active however, the Expiration Date is not extended.
