---
title: 'Use Case: Give Users Access to the Bulk Upload Function'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=jds1712087711816.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:23:13Z'
---

# Use Case: Give Users Access to the Bulk Upload Function

This topic answers the question: How do I give users access to bulk upload files to
Agreement Manager? Learn how to grant users access to bulk upload agreements to
Agreement Manager.

The Upload function is available to
all Agreement Manager users. With this function, users can upload up to five third-party
documents. However, to upload more than five documents, you need an extra
permission.

The *bulk upload* permission is granted by an administrator from the account administration
pages. Once granted, users can upload up to 1,000 files at a time to Agreement Manager.
Additionally, this permission also gives users access to upload documents from
third-party cloud storage providers.

Note: The *bulk upload* permission is set at the
user-level. This permission is not available at the group-level. Keep in mind
that user and group permissions are managed at the account-level as opposed to
the organization-level.

1. Log in to your Docusign account using administrator
   credentials.

   The Docusign Home page opens.
2. Select Admin from the global header.

   The Admin page opens.

   Important: User and group permissions are managed at the *account*-level. Make sure that you are updating records from Accounts administration instead of Organization administration.If your organization has multiple accounts, verify that you are updating the correct account. If necessary, select Accounts from the pane on the left and choose the appropriate account.
3. Select Users from the USERS AND
   GROUPS section in the navigation pane on the left.

   Note: The bulk upload permission is not available at the
   group level. Only users can be assigned this access.

   The Users view opens.
4. Locate the user to whom you want to grant bulk upload permissions:

   1. Expand the dropdown at the top of the page and select
      Name to search for users by name. You can
      also search by email address.
   2. Enter the user's name in the Enter Keyword
      field.
   3. Select Search.

   The table displays users matching the search criteria that you entered.
5. Expand the Actions button for the user that you want to
   update and select the Manage Agreement Manager Access
   option.

   The User Profile view opens for the selected user. The
   Agreement Manager Access tab is displayed by default.
6. Turn on the Upload up to 1,000 files at a time toggle
   (blue position) from the Agreement Manager access section.

   By turning this toggle on, you are granting the user access to upload up to 1,000 files at
   a time to Agreement Manager.

   Note: Turn off this toggle (gray position) to revoke the
   user's access to bulk upload agreements to Agreement Manager.
7. Select Save Changes.

   Next, go to the audit log to verify the changes.
8. Select Audit Logs from the AUDITING
   section in the navigation pane.

   The Audit Logs view opens. The audit log table displays records of
   changes to your account.
9. Locate the change in the table to verify the user's settings were successfully
   updated.
