---
title: 'Use Case: Filter Your Agreements By Contract Value and Expiration Date'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=kbv1702945287196.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:23:55Z'
---

# Use Case: Filter Your Agreements By Contract Value and Expiration Date

This topic answers the question: How can I use filters to view agreements by value and expiration date for a specific customer?

As a contract viewer, you want to provide a list of agreement values to a sales or operations manager for reporting purposes. Use the available filters to sort agreements by value, expiration date, and customers.

1. Log in to your Docusign account.

   The Docusign Home page opens.
2. Select Agreements from the global header.

   The Docusign Agreements page opens. The Inbox view is displayed by default.
3. Select Completed from the AGREEMENTS section in the navigation pane.

   The Agreement Manager homepage opens and the Completed Documents view is displayed.
4. Select the Sort items (arrows) icon associated with the Total Contract Value column heading.

   Agreements in the table are sorted by value. Further refine the document list to view all agreements for a specific customer.
5. Expand the Filter option and select the Parties filter.
6. Enter the name of your customer in the Search field.
7. Choose the relevant party or alias group from the list and select Apply.

   The agreements that are tied to the selected party or alias group are displayed in the table. The table is sorted by total contract value.

   Further refine the table by sorting the table by expiration date.
8. Select the sorting arrows associated with the Expiration Date column heading.

   The agreements are reordered in the table and sorted by value and expiration date. Use this information for sales and operation reporting as needed.

You have successfully viewed agreements for a specific customer, sorted by value and expiration date.
