---
title: 'Use Case: Verify the Payment Terms for a Customer Agreement'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=pim1702945318869.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:23:55Z'
---

# Use Case: Verify the Payment Terms for a Customer Agreement

Learn how to locate a specific customer agreement and verify the payment terms. This topic answers the question: "How do I locate payment terms for one of my customer agreements?

As a contract viewer, you want to verify the payment terms for a customer agreement. Use the filter options to locate the agreement and verify the payment terms.

1. Log in to your Docusign account.

   The Docusign Home page opens.
2. Select Agreements from the global header.

   The Docusign Agreements page opens. The Inbox view is displayed by default.
3. Select Completed from the AGREEMENTS section in the navigation pane.

   The Agreement Manager homepage opens and the Completed Documents view is displayed. Use the filters to locate all active agreements for a specific customer.
4. Expand the Filters option and select the Parties filter.
5. Enter the name of the party in the Search field.
6. Choose the relevant party or alias group from the list and select Apply.

   The agreements that are associated with the selected party or alias group are displayed in the table.
7. Review the list and select the agreement that you want to review for payment terms.

   Tip: If you know the file name, perform a keyword search to locate the agreement. Enter the file name into the search field and press [Enter] or select a file from the dropdown list.

   The Agreement preview page opens for the selected agreement. The Details pane is displayed by default. The attributes and data points that were surfaced with AI are listed in the pane.
8. Locate the payment terms within the agreement.
   1. From the Details pane, locate the PAYMENT TERMS field in the Payment  section.
   2. If there is no payment terms value, locate the value within the agreement.

      - Select the Search (magnifying glass) icon from the top-right corner of the preview pane.
      - Enter Payment Terms in the Search field.
      - Use the Next and Previous arrows to scroll through the search results. The instances of the search term are highlighted in the agreement.

        Continue scrolling until you locate the payment term value.
9. Select the Close (x) icon in the top-left corner to return to the previous page.

   The Completed Documents view opens. Your previously entered search criteria and applied filters are still in effect.

You have successfully located payment terms for a specific customer agreement.
