---
title: 'Use Case: View Auto-Renewal Agreements with Upcoming Expiration Dates'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=uhe1702944882951.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:23:34Z'
---

# Use Case: View Auto-Renewal Agreements with Upcoming Expiration Dates

Learn how to use the Renewals dashboard to view expiring soon and auto-renewal agreements.

As a contract manager, there are a few reasons to stay on top of your upcoming renewals, such as:

- To avoid paying for something that you don’t need anymore
- To negotiate the best possible deal for the organization

1. Log in to your Docusign account.

   The Docusign Home page opens.
2. Select Insights from the global header.

   The Docusign Insights page opens.
3. Select Renewals from the navigation pane on the left.

   The Renewals dashboard view opens. Upcoming renewals for the next 12 months are displayed by default.
4. Expand the Expiration Date filter and select the time period for the expiring agreements.
   - Select one of the predefined time period options. Choices include: Today, Next 7 Days, Next 14 Days, and Next 30 Days.
   - Select Custom Date Range. The dialog box updates to show the From and To fields, as well as the Between, Before, and After options. Select an option from the top of the dialog box and enter a date or date range in the From and To fields.
5. Select Apply.

   The agreements that match the filters are displayed in the Renewals dashboard.
6. Select Automatic renewal from the Renewal Type filter.
   1. Expand the Renewal Type filter.
   2. Select the Automatic renewal option.
   3. Select Apply.

   The Renewals dashboard updates to reflect the agreements with auto-renewal that are expiring within the applied date range.
7. Review the agreements in the table.

You have successfully filtered the Renewals dashboard to display auto-renewal agreements with upcoming expiration dates.
