---
title: "Docusign FAQs\uFEFF for AI"
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pqz1702943441912&topicId=uss1707173279973.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T15:51:56Z'
---

# Docusign FAQs﻿ for AI

Read frequently asked questions about the practices and policies that apply to the use
of AI in Docusign products and programs.

Trust, privacy, and transparency have always been at the core of Docusign, and our work with AI is no different. The following FAQ
shares additional details about the use of AI in Docusign products
and programs.

## Does Docusign use my data for AI model training and improvement?

There are limited instances where Docusign uses anonymized data from
customers who provide consent to Docusign to improve our AI models
so our AI-powered features can deliver greater value for our customers. Previously,
Docusign used anonymized data from consenting customers who
used Docusign AI Extension for CLM or participated in select beta
programs. Customers using these products provide explicit contractual consent when
they sign an agreement to purchase or participate in Docusign
programs using AI.

On May 30, 2024, Docusign introduced the AI Data
Controls setting. Moving forward, Docusign will
use anonymized data only from customers who have given explicit consent through
their contract *and* who have the AI Data Controls
setting turned ***on***.

The AI Data Controls setting is an in-product AI data sharing setting
that provides additional, built-in controls for your organization’s account
administrator to manage whether your organization's data is used for training
purposes. For customers who provide contractual consent, account administrators can
turn this setting ***off*** or ***on*** at any time, using the
in-product controls.

If a customer’s authorized representative has not provided contractual consent, the
in-product toggle will be disabled and set to ***off*** and cannot be
changed by an account administrator. Only documents sent or uploaded by consenting
Docusign accounts will be used for training. Additionally, Docusign only uses data that is aggregated and anonymized before
training occurs.

See the [AI Data Controls Setting FAQs](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fzd1707173174972&topicId=dcs1708531444159.html) topic for more information
about this setting.

## In cases where Docusign uses my data for AI model training and improvement, how is my data protected and secured?

Docusign trains AI models on data from customers only if
a customer has given consent, and the data is anonymized and aggregated before
training occurs.

For customers that have given explicit consent, Docusign takes a
multi-pronged privacy and security-centric approach to protect data privacy and
confidentiality including: anonymization, aggregation, and encryption.

The Docusign anonymization process removes personal identifiers,
such as:

- Name
- Phone numbers
- Email addresses
- Social security numbers (in the U.S.)
- National ID numbers

These measures are designed to prevent data from being used to re-identify or trace
back to an individual or organization. For additional security, data is encrypted in
transit and rest.

## Which AI models does Docusign use for AI features?

Docusign employs a hybrid-model approach that combines proprietary models
with best-in-class third-party LLMs. Proprietary models are developed in-house and
are customized open-source AI models. [Third-party models](https://www.docusign.com/trust/privacy/subprocessors-list) are provided by third-party
organizations, such as Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service, and accessed via API.

## When Docusign partners with third-party models such as Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service, how is a customer’s data used and protected?

When working with third-party models such as Microsoft Azure OpenAI Service, Docusign and its partners agree on robust protections to safeguard
the data privacy and security of our customers and our users. For Microsoft Azure
OpenAI Service specifically, there is:

- **No improvements to Microsoft or Azure products:**
  Docusign does not share customer data to improve Microsoft or
  Azure products for other Microsoft customers. Anonymized data may be used to
  customize AI models for Docusign’s AI solutions. Customized
  models are only available for Docusign to use.
- **No persistent data storage during AI processing:** Data from Docusign customers is not persistently stored in the Azure
  OpenAI Service.
- **Bias filtering and responsible AI:**
  Docusign uses the Azure bias and offensiveness detection
  models to process and filter AI output.
