---
title: eSignature for Salesforce Flow
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=dzi1705696883404.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:43Z'
---

# eSignature for Salesforce Flow

Learn to build Send with Docusign actions for Salesforce
flows.

Important:
You must meet the following requirements to trigger Docusign envelopes from Salesforce flows:

- Install Docusign Apps Launcher v6.1 or higher.
- Purchase a Salesforce plan that supports flows and Invocable Apex.
- Create Docusign user accounts for Salesforce users who will trigger envelopes
  from flows.
- Add triggering users to the Docusign Sender permission
  set.

Salesforce Flow is a tool that helps you automate your business processes.
Flow replaces Salesforce Process Builder. Visit the [Salesforce admin
site](https://admin.salesforce.com/) for more information.

Flows can use any of these events to trigger the creation of a Docusign
envelope:

- Record created
- Record updated
- Platform event message received
- Flow triggered by another Flow
- Date and time from a Schedule-Triggered Flow

Example: You build a Record-Triggered Flow and link it to a Docusign envelope template. You configure the Flow to trigger envelope
creation when a record's stage changes to Negotiation/Review. A
user changes the stage of the Burlington Textiles opportunity to
Negotiation/Review. Salesforce triggers the Docusign envelope template
linked to your Flow. Docusign creates an envelope using data from the
record and sends it to Burlington Textile representatives.

The following topics demonstrate how to build or edit Send With Docusign
actions in a Salesforce Flow:

- [Add a Send with Docusign Action to a Salesforce Flow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=mkk1697579504882.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to add a Send With Docusign action to your Salesforce Flow to trigger envelope creation.")
- [Change the Docusign Template Used in a Salesforce Flow](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=jik1697735894052.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to change the Docusign template or Salesforce object connected to your Flow.")
