---
title: Learn How to Use Merge Fields to Customize the Email Subject and Message of
  an Envelope
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ebp1676670968536.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:40Z'
---

# Learn How to Use Merge Fields to Customize the Email Subject and Message of an Envelope

Learn how to use Docusign and Salesforce merge fields to dynamically populate an
envelope's Email Subject and Email Message fields.

You can use merge field syntax to dynamically fill the Email
Subject and Email Message fields of a
Docusign envelope. Merge field syntax can add this information from standard and
custom Salesforce objects.

Using merge field syntax is helpful if you want Docusign to fill email fields with Salesforce
record names or descriptions.

**Example**: You create an envelope template for the Opportunity object. When users create envelopes, you want Docusign to add the record's description in the
Email Subject field.

You enter `{!Opportunity.Description}` in the Email
Subject field of your envelope template.

When a user creates an envelope, Docusign adds the Opportunity
Description of that record to the Email
Subject.

Note: You must use the source Salesforce object at the start of
your merge field syntax.

These are examples of Salesforce syntax you can use:

| Salesforce Merge Field Syntax | Salesforce Data Added to Email |
| --- | --- |
| `{!Opportunity.FieldName}` | Field data from a Salesforce Opportunity |
| `{!Opportunity.Account.FieldName}` | Field data from a Salesforce Account |
| `{!User.FirstName}` | Salesforce user's First Name |
| `{!User.LastName}` | Salesforce user's Last Name |
| `{!User.Email}` | Salesforce user's Email Address |

For information about using merge fields to import Salesforce recipient
names, visit these sites:

- [Salesforce help](https://help.salesforce.com/s/)
- [Salesforce Trailhead learning
  modules](https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/trails/learn_salesforce_with_trailhead)

You can also use Docusign merge fields to customize your
Email Subject and Email Message
fields.

For example, use [[Data:RecipientName]] to insert the recipient's name
into the email.

These are examples of Salesforce syntax you can use:

| Docusign Merge Field Syntax | Docusign Data Added to Email |
| --- | --- |
| `[[Data:EnvelopeID]]` | Docusign envelope ID |
| `[[Data:EnvelopeExpirationDate]]` | Docusign envelope expiration date |
| `[[Data:SenderName]]` | Docusign envelope sender name |
| `[[Data:SenderEmail]]` | Docusign envelope sender email address |
| `[[Data:RecipientName]]` | Docusign envelope recipient name |
| `[[Data:RecipientEmail]]` | Docusign envelope recipient email address |

Tip: You can find Docusign merge fields in the [Docusign Email Resource File](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=yum1583277332870.html&_LANG=enus). You can only
use merge field syntax when it is relevant to an envelope. For example, if no one
voided an envelope, using `[[Data:VoidReason]]` does not
produce any data.

Here is an example of how you can use Docusign and Salesforce merge fields for a Docusign
envelope. In this example, the sender creates an envelope for the Opportunity
object:

Email Subject: Contract for
`{!Opportunity.Account}`

Email Message:

Hi, `[[Data:RecipientName]]`,

Please use the link to review and complete your contract for
`{!Opportunity.Name}`.

You must complete this document by `[[Data:EnvelopeExpirationDate]]`, or
it will be automatically voided.

If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact me. Please reference this
transaction ID for a faster response:`[[Data:EnvelopeID]]`.

Thank you,

`[[Data:SenderName]]`

`[[Data:SenderEmail]]`
