---
title: Set Up Document Writeback in an Envelope Template
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ebu1620169232889.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:42Z'
---

# Set Up Document Writeback in an Envelope Template

Use this procedure to set up document writeback in your envelope template.

Use this procedure to set up document writeback in your envelope template:

1. Document Writeback: Select any option:
   - Save completed documents back to the (object name)
     Record: Check this box to save signed
     documents back to Salesforce when the Docusign signing
     process is complete.
     - Filename: Set the naming convention for all
       completed documents saved back to Salesforce:
       - Document Name: Retain the current
         filename with no changes
       - Document Name + Envelope Status: Docusign status (Completed, Voided, and so on)
         added to the end of the current filename
       - Document Name + .pdf: Current
         filename, saved as a PDF
       - Document Name + Envelope Status +
         .pdf: Docusign status
         (Completed, Voided, and so on) and .pdf added to the end of the
         current filename
   - Combine all documents into one PDF file: Check
     this box to merge all documents from the envelope into one PDF file.

     Note: All signed documents are saved in PDF format.
     You can preview the file in Salesforce by adding +.pdf to the filename format. If you do not add +.pdf, you must download the document to
     view it.
   - Filename: Set the naming convention for all
     completed documents saved back to Salesforce as a single PDF:
     - Email Subject: Filename is created from the
       Subject line of the Docusign email
     - Email Subject + Envelope Status: Docusign status (Completed, Voided, and so on) added to
       the end of the Subject line of the Docusign email
     - Email Subject + .pdf: Subject line of the Docusign email, saved as a PDF
     - Email Subject + Envelope Status + .pdf: Docusign status (Completed, Voided, and so on) and .pdf
       added to the end of the Subject line of the Docusign email
     - "Envelope" + Envelope ID + .pdf: Filename
       begins with the word "Envelope", is followed by the Docusign Envelope ID and ends with .pdf
   - Save certificate of completion (COC) document back to the
     (object name) Record: Check this box to save a
     certificate containing the complete details of all envelope events from
     the signing process. This includes details about each signer, signer IP
     addresses, signature image, and other key event time stamps.
2. Select Save and Close when all options are set.

   You have completed the process. You have set up document writeback in
   your envelope template. Docusign updates files, file names,
   Salesforce fields, or stages in your Salesforce organization when the signature
   is complete.
