---
title: I Am Having Trouble Sending and Signing Envelopes on My Apple iOS Mobile Device
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=fbk1628920676716.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:44Z'
---

# I Am Having Trouble Sending and Signing Envelopes on My Apple iOS Mobile Device

Learn to fix issues with sending and signing from an Apple iOS device.

Note: This document refers to sending and signing from an Apple
iOS device, like an iPhone. Apple iPadOS users
can send and sign from Safari by changing these settings:

- Set Prevent Cross-Site Tracking to
  OFF.
- Navigate to Request Desktop Website and set
  All Websites to Enabled.

iPadOS users can also utilize the [Lightning for Mobile Browser](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=000381165&type=1) for a
desktop experience.

When I try to send or sign a Docusign envelope from my iOS Apple mobile device, I see one of
these issues:

- I get a blank screen when trying to add Docusign fields to an envelope
- I get a blank screen when trying to sign an envelope
- I get an error page stating "URL has moved here..."

This happens when I am using the Safari mobile browser and the Salesforce mobile app.

I am unable to send or sign an envelope when these errors occur.

## Resolution 1 (Safari Mobile Browser): Use a different iOS browser

Neither Docusign nor Salesforce support using the Safari mobile
browser. If you are signing in an iOS mobile browser, use Google Chrome
or Mozilla Firefox instead of Safari.

## Resolution 2 (Salesforce Mobile Application for iOS): Change iOS settings

Docusign and Salesforce administrator

Important: Apple iOS/iPadOS
devices use Safari pages to display Docusign content in
the Salesforce mobile app. So Apple uses Safari in the Salesforce mobile app
regardless of your default browser. You must follow these instructions to
use Docusign in the Salesforce mobile app.

1. Update your device's iOS version.
2. Update the Salesforce mobile app on your iOS device.
3. Navigate to Settings >  Safari and change the following settings:

   1. Disable Prevent Cross-Site Tracking.
   2. Disable Block All Cookies.
4. Navigate to Settings >  Salesforce and enable Allow Cross-Website
   Tracking.

   You have completed the process. You have updated your iOS
   settings. You can use the Salesforce mobile app to send and sign with
   Docusign on your Apple iOS device.
