---
title: Learn About Creating Docusign Envelope Templates in Salesforce
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=gou1591745811909.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:37Z'
---

# Learn About Creating Docusign Envelope Templates in Salesforce

Learn about building Docusign Envelope Templates to automate your
Salesforce eSignature process.

You can build Docusign Envelope Templates to automate your Salesforce
electronic signature process. The envelope template process works in the following
manner:

1. An administrator builds a template and a custom button.
2. A user selects the custom button on a Salesforce record to create a Docusign envelope.
3. The user sends the envelope for signature.

Your users select an envelope template button and are guided through a pre-built
Docusign sending experience. This ensures that your users always build envelopes
with the correct content.

Example: A Fresh Software sales representative wants to send a
contract to a customer. The representative selects the envelope template button on
an opportunity. The envelope template opens, displaying Fresh Software's standard
contract, recipients, and options. The sender can accept the default information or
make changes before sending. When recipients finish signing the envelope, Docusign saves a copy of the completed contract to the Salesforce record.

You can create the following types of envelope templates:

[Default](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=uce1617376465289.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create a default envelope template to lead senders through a guided sending experience.")
:   This template type gives senders the most options for creating an envelope. Senders can
    add documents, choose recipients, and add fields before sending. These
    templates give your users more freedom to add content, but lack the
    speed of Quick Send templates.

[Quick Send](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=uce1617376465289.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create a default envelope template to lead senders through a guided sending experience.")
:   This template type gives senders a faster way to create envelopes. Senders can only make
    minor changes. Quick Send users cannot add signer recipients, documents,
    Docusign fields, or Salesforce fields.

[Place Fields](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=uce1617376465289.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create a default envelope template to lead senders through a guided sending experience.")
:   This template type skips past the documents and recipients steps and brings senders to the
    place fields step. Senders can still choose to add and edit documents,
    recipients, and envelope options on the place fields step.

[Send Now](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=uce1617376465289.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create a default envelope template to lead senders through a guided sending experience.")
:   This template type sends a pre-built envelope when senders select the button on a record.
    Senders are prevented from editing the envelope.

[Person Account](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=hng1636580114162.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to build an envelope template using the Salesforce Person Account object.")
:   Administrators can build envelope templates using the Salesforce Person
    Account object.

[Salesforce Experience Cloud](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ole1611646232631.html&_LANG=enus)
:   Using this template type, Salesforce Experience Cloud users can self-sign documents from
    records. The signed document can be routed to other recipients.

[Linked Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=rwo1660537941538.html&_LANG=enus)
:   Using this template type, administrators can create new envelope templates by linking to
    existing Docusign eSignature templates.

[Server Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=nsh1649096506753.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how you can add options to an envelope template from a Docusign server template.")
:   Using this template type, administrators can add options to envelope templates that are
    not available in the Salesforce interface. Administrators build
    templates in Salesforce, then log on to Docusign to
    add options that are only visible there.

[Cloned Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=xfb1664308717428.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to clone one or more envelope templates to use in another Salesforce organization.")
:   Administrators can use this feature to create new templates that are similar to existing
    templates. Administrators download templates and upload them to either
    the same organization or another. Administrators can also use cloning to
    copy sandbox templates to their production organization.
