---
title: 'Step 4: Create Salesforce Merge Fields for Your Template'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=jdl1611042391715_1.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:38Z'
---

# Step 4: Create Salesforce Merge Fields for Your Template

Learn to create Salesforce merge fields to add to your envelope template.

Tip:

- [This video demonstrates the steps in this
  task](https://players.brightcove.net/6118377982001/default_default/index.html?videoId=6171917638001).
- [This topic demonstrates the advanced options available
  in this step](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=qrg1611095157414.html&_LANG=enus).

In this step, you create custom Salesforce merge fields. These fields import data
from your Salesforce fields and add them to your agreements. You add these fields to
your uploaded documents in the Place Fields step.

Use this procedure to create custom Salesforce merge fields:

1. Select Add Field.
2. Create a new merge field in the Add Merge Field dialog box:
   1. Source Object: Select a primary Salesforce data
      source (Account, Opportunity, and so on) from the dropdown menu.
   2. Field: Select a Salesforce field from the
      dropdown menu. Additional child object dropdown menus may open. You can
      include up to four levels of child objects and two levels of related
      lists.
   3. Name: Keep or edit the field name.
3. (Optional) Field Properties: Select any available
   option:

   - Allow Writeback to Salesforce: Docusign updates Salesforce field data when signers
     make changes to an agreement.
   - Allow Sender to Edit: Senders can edit Salesforce
     merge field data.
   - Required Field: Signers must complete the field.
   - Read Only (for signer): Senders cannot edit the field.
4. (Optional) More Options: Select the arrow and choose any
   options:

   - Tooltip: Enter written guidance for the sender, like
     Adds the full billing address.
   - Anchor Text: Automatically place merge fields on
     key words in a document.
   - Validation: Set formatting rules for text, like requiring a
     xxx-xx-xxxx format for Social Security
     numbers.
5. Select Save to save the merge field, or Save
   and New to save and add another field.
6. Select Next.

   The page closes and the Place Fields page displays.

## Next steps

You have completed step four. Move to [Step 5: Place Docusign and Salesforce Fields on Your Template Documents](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ywv1596146733047_1.html&_LANG=enus "The fifth step of the Envelope Template creation process involves placing Docusign and Salesforce fields on the document text.").
