---
title: '"You Are Not the Owner of the Envelope" Displays When I Try to Remind, View,
  Correct, or Void an Envelope'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=kxe1739476413350.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:45Z'
---

# "You Are Not the Owner of the Envelope" Displays When I Try to Remind, View, Correct, or Void an Envelope

Learn to fix the "You Are Not the Owner of the Envelope" error.

While on vacation, I asked a coworker to void an envelope that I had sent. My coworker opened
the record and selected Void Envelope from the Docusign Envelope Status component.

You Are Not the Owner of the Envelope displayed, and they could
not void my envelope.

When they tried the View Envelope, Correct Envelope, and Send Reminder actions, and
the same error displayed.

## Resolution: Enable Envelope Sharing in Docusign

Cause: You have not granted Share envelopes with
user permissions to your coworker. Without these permissions, you
cannot perform administrative actions in Gen, including adding new users and
creating templates.

Use this procedure to fix the issue:

1. Log on to Docusign as an administrator and go to Admin >  Users.
2. Next to the user, select Actions >  Manage Shared Access.
3. Select Share Access with Others.
4. Select one of the following permissions, and select
   Next:

   - Allow to manage on behalf of [User Name]: The user can view
     envelopes, view history, download files, and move envelopes into
     folders.
   - Allow to edit on behalf of [User Name]: The user can correct,
     resend, manage, edit, and void the user's envelopes.
   - Allow to send on behalf of [User Name]: The user can edit drafts,
     resend, void, manage, edit, send, and correct the user's
     envelopes.

   Note: Depending on your account plan, you might not have access to all
   permissions. Users that do not have sending permissions can only be
   granted access to manage another user’s envelopes. Inactive users or
   users pending activation cannot be granted access and cannot have
   their envelopes accessed by other users. Users with the send
   permission can send and manage envelopes on behalf of the sharing
   user. Users with the manage permission can manage envelopes on
   behalf of the sharing user, but cannot send.
5. Select the start and finish dates to control the duration of the shared
   access.

   The start date can be the current date or any future date. An end date
   is optional and can be any date equal to or after the start date. If an
   end date is specified, the access will expire on that date without any
   manual action needed. If you do not specify an end date, the access
   continues until someone manually removes it.
6. Select Next.
7. Select the check box next to a user and select
   Save.

   You have completed the process. You have shared access to your
   envelopes with another user. The user can take action on your envelopes
   without error. View the [Manage Shared Access to Envelopes](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=pik1583277475390&topicId=imk1656607611659.html&_LANG=enus) topic for more information.
