---
title: Use the Sender Option to Add the Sender of the Envelope as a Recipient
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=lac1629265045695.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:41Z'
---

# Use the Sender Option to Add the Sender of the Envelope as a Recipient

Learn to use the Sender option to add the sender of the envelope as a
recipient.

You can add the Sender recipient type to an envelope or envelope
template. Using the Sender option adds the sender of the envelope to the recipient
list. The sender is the person who selects the envelope template custom button on a
Salesforce record.

The following specifications apply to the Sender recipient type:

- You can place the sender anywhere in the recipient order (Signer 1, Signer 2, and so
  on.)
- Docusign turns off the In Person Signer option for Sender
  recipients.
- Docusign turns off the Delivery option (SMS or
  Email + SMS) for Sender recipients.
- You can only use the Sign Now option when a Sender recipient is first
  in the recipient order.

Use this procedure to add the sender of the envelope as a recipient in an envelope
template:

1. Select the name of the recipient you want to update.
2. Complete the following tasks in the Add Recipient dialog
   box:
   1. Select Sender in the left column.
   2. Action: Select a recipient action.
   3. (Optional) Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign Now): Select this check box if you want the sender to sign the envelope immediately after sending.

      Note: This
      option only displays when you select Needs to
      Sign as the action.
   4. Select + Add Role and enter a recipient role (Signer 1, Signer 2, and so on.)
   5. Select the Add button.
3. Select Save and Close.

You have completed the process. You added the sender as a
recipient. When a sender creates an envelope using this template, Docusign adds them as
a recipient.
