---
title: Add SMS (Text Message) Delivery to an Envelope Template
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=mru1624518585918.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:41Z'
---

# Add SMS (Text Message) Delivery to an Envelope Template

Learn how to add the Email + SMS option to a recipient in your envelope
template.

Use this procedure to add the Email + SMS option to a recipient in your
envelope template.

Note: You can also use this procedure on the Recipients step when sending an
envelope.

1. Configure Email + SMS options, depending on the
   recipient type:

   Important: You must enter a space
   between the country code and the phone number.

   - Lookup Fields: Select Email + SMS from the Delivery dropdown menu
   - Related Lists: Select Email + SMS from the Delivery dropdown menu
   - Users/Contacts:
     1. Delivery: Select Email + SMS
        from the dropdown menu
     2. (Required) Phone Number: Enter
        the recipient's phone number
   - By Role:
     1. Delivery: Select Email + SMS
        from the dropdown menu.
     2. (Optional) Name: If known,
        enter the recipient's name.
     3. (Optional) Email: If known,
        enter the recipient's email address.
     4. (Optional) Phone Number: If
        known, enter the recipient's phone number. You can
        use Email + SMS for up to four (4) recipients per
        envelope.
2. Select a save option:
   - Add&New: Save the recipient and add another
   - Add: Save the recipient and close the dialog box

You have completed the process. You have added
theEmail + SMS option to a recipient in your envelope
template. When users send an envelope from this template, the recipient receives a text
message and an email. The recipient can choose to open the envelope using either method.
