---
title: 'When I Select a Docusign Button in Salesforce, I See an Error Message: "The
  link you followed wasn’t valid for your session. Return to the previous page, refresh
  it, and try again."'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=niq1630539457557.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:44Z'
---

# When I Select a Docusign Button in Salesforce, I See an Error Message: "The link you followed wasn’t valid for your session. Return to the previous page, refresh it, and try again."

Work around an error message when you select a Docusign object in Salesforce as a new
Docusign user.

I am a Salesforce user and just got assigned a Docusign user account.

When I select a Docusign button or component in Salesforce, I am asked to authorize.

I enter my Docusign and Salesforce credentials, but see an error message.

The message reads: The link you followed wasn’t valid for your session.
Return to the previous page, refresh it, and try again.

I am unable to access Docusign apps and features in Salesforce.

**Steps to Reproduce**:

1. Receive a user activation email from Docusign.
2. Create a Docusign password and activate my user.
3. Select a Docusign button or component in Salesforce.
4. Enter my Docusign and Salesforce credentials when prompted to
   authorize.

   **Result**: I see an error message: The link
   you followed wasn’t valid for your session. Return to the previous page,
   refresh it, and try again. I am unable to access Docusign apps and features in Salesforce.

## Resolution: Select the "back" button on your browser and then refresh the page

1. Select the "back" button on your browser.
2. Select the "refresh" button on your browser.
3. Select the Docusign object again.

   You have completed the process. You have finished the
   authorization process for Docusign objects in Salesforce. You can now
   use all Docusign apps and services to which your administrator granted
   you access.
