---
title: User Access Management in Salesforce With the Docusign Login Permission Set
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=nqk1629408501542.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:37Z'
---

# User Access Management in Salesforce With the Docusign Login Permission Set

Learn how the Docusign Login permission set helps manage Docusign user access in Salesforce.

The Docusign Login permission set helps you manage Docusign access for your Salesforce users. Users with Docusign Login membership can authorize Docusign
app access themselves. This permission set lets you bypass the Docusign User Management tool and manage user activation with
Salesforce controls.

Important:

- The Docusign Login permission set is available in Docusign Apps Launcher v3.5 and higher.
- When you add an existing Docusign user to this permission set, Docusign imports the user's permissions.
- Administrators can use the Docusign Login permission set with their
  single sign-on (SSO) identity provider and Docusign
  just-in-time provisioning. Just-in-time provisioning lets users create their
  own Docusign accounts in Salesforce by entering their SSO
  credentials.

## When to use the Docusign Login permission set:

Use the Docusign Login permission set in the following
scenarios:

## Administrator wants to use Salesforce controls

A Salesforce administrator feels more comfortable using settings for permission sets than the
Docusign User Management tool. The administrator uses the Docusign Login permission set to give Docusign
app access to Salesforce users.

Note: This method only works for Salesforce users who already have an
active Docusign user in the connected Docusign
account.

## Administrator disconnects or refreshes a Salesforce organization

An administrator refreshes their Salesforce organization or disconnects and reconnects from
their Docusign account. Docusign deletes all
users not added to the Docusign Login permission set, and the administrator must
re-add them. Docusign
Docusign preserves all
users added to the Docusign Login permission set. The
administrator does not need to re-add these users after the disconnection or
refresh.

Note: Salesforce does not preserve Docusign users when you uninstall the Docusign Apps Launcher package.
Salesforce deletes the Docusign Login permission set when you
uninstall the package.

## Users already exist and have permissions in the connected Docusign account

A Docusign administrator has already created users and assigned permissions
in the connected Docusign account. The administrator adds
Salesforce users to the Docusign Login permission set. The users
do not receive activation emails. They activate their Docusign
access directly on Salesforce records by selecting a Docusign
component or custom button.

## Users log on with single sign-on (SSO)

An organization uses a single sign-on (SSO) provider for user logins. The administrator adds
Salesforce users to the Docusign Login permission set. Users do
not receive an activation email. Users select a Docusign component
or button on a record and use SSO credentials to authorize Docusign access.

## When to use Docusign User Management:

Use Docusign User Management in the following scenarios:

## Users do not exist in the connected Docusign account

An administrator wants to add Docusign app access to a user that does not
exist in the connected Docusign account. In this case, the
administrator cannot use Docusign Login and must use User
Management.

## Users exist in the connected Docusign account but lack permissions

An administrator wants to add Docusign app access to an existing user from
the connected Docusign account. The existing Docusign user lacks needed permissions, like
Generator or eSignature User. In
this case, the administrator cannot use Docusign Login and must
use User Management.
