---
title: Uninstall the Legacy Docusign eSignature for Salesforce App From Your Salesforce
  Organization
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=olq1642610020299.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:45Z'
---

# Uninstall the Legacy Docusign eSignature for Salesforce App From Your Salesforce Organization

Find out how to uninstall the legacy Docusign eSignature for Salesforce app from your
Salesforce organization.

There are two Docusign eSignature apps that you can use in your Salesforce
organization:

- **Legacy Docusign eSignature for Salesforce**: The first
  Docusign for Salesforce app. It was de-listed from the Salesforce
  AppExchange in 2020.
- **Docusign eSignature for Salesforce**: The current version of
  the Docusign for Salesforce app. It is part of the Docusign Apps Launcher
  for Salesforce package of apps, along with Docusign Gen, Negotiate, and CLM.

The legacy app is still supported, but is not being developed, and will
eventually be deprecated.

You can upgrade now to enjoy the latest advances of the current eSignature
for Salesforce app.

When you have upgraded and migrated your legacy eSignature users, records,
and buttons, you can uninstall the legacy app.

In order to uninstall the package, you must first remove all legacy eSignature for
Salesforce dependencies. Dependencies are references from the legacy eSignature for
Salesforce that are active in your Salesforce organization. These include legacy
eSignature permission sets, components, and custom buttons.

Use this procedure to uninstall the legacy Docusign eSignature app from your
Salesforce organization:

- [Step 1: Remove Users from Legacy eSignature for Salesforce Permission Sets](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=qwo1642613574891.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to remove all users from legacy eSignature for Salesforce permission sets.")
- [Step 2: Remove Legacy eSignature Components from Your Salesforce Layouts](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=dlc1642622890465.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to remove all legacy eSignature for Salesforce components from Salesforce layouts.")
- [Step 3: Remove Legacy eSignature Custom Buttons From Your Salesforce Layouts](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ddz1642632234520.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to remove legacy Docusign eSignature for Salesforce custom buttons from your Salesforce page layouts.")
- [Step 4: Uninstall the Legacy Docusign eSignature for Salesforce App from your Salesforce organization](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=the1642634056297.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to uninstall the legacy Docusign eSignature for Salesforce app from your Salesforce organization.")
