---
title: Best Practices for Creating AutoPlace Fields
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=ovh1674069608063.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:42Z'
---

# Best Practices for Creating AutoPlace Fields

Learn about using AutoPlace fields to add Docusign fields to specified
places in a document.

AutoPlace fields are a feature that you can use when building a Docusign
envelope template. AutoPlace automatically adds Docusign fields to
specified places in a document.

This saves time and reduces error because senders do not manually place fields for their
recipients.

Consider the following guidelines when creating AutoPlace fields:

- [Use generic Docusign credentials to
  create custom fields.](https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/Best-Practices-for-Setting-up-DocuSign-for-Salesforce-Connected-User-accounts-in-both-DocuSign-and-Salesforce) These fields are linked to the creating Docusign user, and fail if someone deletes that user. If you
  have a [Docusign system
  sender](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=fsg1646663268427&topicId=jxz1611642321527.html&_LANG=enus), create merge fields with those credentials.
- [Create a Connect configuration for
  Salesforce](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=vob1727899215236&topicId=ctv1583277395112.html&_LANG=enus). A Connect configuration gives you the following advantages:
  - Writes data back to Salesforce when envelopes are completed.
  - Enables the creation of merge fields in the Connect page of your Docusign account.
  - Solves some known issues with merge field functionality.
- Use automatic AutoPlace fields when adding the following fields to a
  template:
  - Signature
  - Date Signed
  - Initial
  - Optional Initial
- Use Document custom fields and Salesforce merge fields when adding the
  following types of text value fields to a template:
  - Name
  - Company
  - Title
- Use the following guidelines when you create Document custom fields and
  Salesforce merge fields:
  - Use a font size of seven points or larger when you create anchor text
    strings.
  - Change the text color of the anchor text to match the background color
    of your document. So if your document is white, change the font color to
    white to hide it from recipients.
  - Use text strings with no spaces in them, like
    \cb\_{r}\_yes\ for a check box field.
  - Create unique anchor text strings for all custom fields. Docusign adds an AutoPlace field to your document
    wherever it finds matching text.
