---
title: 'Step 5: Add Recipients to an Experience Cloud Envelope Template'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=qcg1617393962475.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:38Z'
---

# Step 5: Add Recipients to an Experience Cloud Envelope Template

Learn to add recipients to the Experience Cloud envelope template.

Use this procedure to add recipients to the Experience Cloud envelope template:

Tip:
[This video demonstrates the steps in this task](https://players.brightcove.net/6118377982001/default_default/index.html?videoId=6171919623001).

Note:
Docusign adds an Experience Cloud User by
default. The Experience Cloud User is locked as the first recipient in the signing
order. You cannot edit or delete the Experience Cloud User recipient. This user is named
Community Cloud User in older versions of the Docusign eSignature for Salesforce app.

1. Select Add Recipient.

   The Add Recipient dialog box opens.
2. Select a recipient type from the left column:
   - From Salesforce:
     - Lookup Fields: Fields like
       Owner that dynamically add recipients from a
       record.
     - Related Lists: Fields that an administrator chooses
       to relate to a parent object.
     - Users/Contacts: Salesforce Users or Contacts.
     - Sender: The sender of the envelope. Select
       +Add Role and enter a role, like Sender
       1.
   - Other Sources:
     - By Role: A placeholder title (like Approver.) Senders
       can specify a name and email address later. You can also [dynamically add By Role recipients
       using custom syntax](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=wtk1625247088017.html&_LANG=enus).
     - Signing Group: A group of recipients in the connected
       Docusign account. Any signer can complete the signature
       for the group. You can also select the + Add Role
       link under the Action dropdown menu for any recipient type.
3. Action: Select an option from the dropdown menu:
   - Needs to Sign: The recipient must sign the
     agreement.
   - Receives a Copy: The recipient is not required to view
     or sign the agreement.
   - Needs to View: The recipient must view the
     agreement.
   - Specify Recipients: The recipient can add names and
     emails for placeholder recipients like Approver.
   - Allow to Edit: The recipient can make changes to the
     document.
4. (Optional) Select additional options:
   - Initiate Signing After Sending (Sign Now): Select this
     check box if you want the sender to sign the envelope as soon as it is
     sent.
   - Add Access Authentication:
     - SMS/Phone: Send an access code to a recipient's
       mobile device for extra security.

       Important: You must enter a space between the country code and the
       phone number.
     - Access Code: Create a code that a recipient must
       enter to start the signing process.
   - Add Private Message: Send a message to just this
     recipient or group.
5. Select:
   - Add & New: Save the recipient and add
     another.
   - Add: Save the recipient and close the dialog
     box.
6. (Optional) Choose additional steps:

   Note: You cannot change the signing order of an Experience
   Cloud recipient.

   - View: Select this button to see a visual diagram of
     the signing order.
   - Email Subject: Enter up to 100 characters of
     text.
   - Email Message: Enter up to 2,000 characters of
     text.
   - More Options: Select the arrow
     > to open the menu and choose any options:
     - Reminders: Set the number of days between recipient
       reminders from the dropdown menu.
     - Expiration: Enter the number of days before the
       envelope expires.
7. Select Next.

## Next steps

You have completed step five. Move to [Step 6: Create Salesforce Merge Fields for Your Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=jdl1611042391715.1.html&_LANG=enus "Learn to create Salesforce merge fields to add to your envelope template.").
