---
title: 'Step 2: (Optional) Add Documents to Your Linked Template'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=tbs1660542119912.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:39Z'
---

# Step 2: (Optional) Add Documents to Your Linked Template

In the second step of creating a linked envelope template, you add documents to use
as content for the template. Word and PDF documents are most commonly used.

Use this procedure to add or remove documents, or change the linked Docusign templates you
selected in step one.

Note: This step is optional. You can
add new documents, or keep the documents imported from your linked templates.

1. Choose a method to add documents. You can add up to ten documents.
   - Upload from your device:
     1. Select the Upload Document button.
     2. Follow the prompts to add content from your device.
     3. Select Done.
   - Add dynamically from a Salesforce record:
     1. Select the Attach documents from Salesforce
        record check box.
     2. Choose an option from the dropdown menu:
        - Latest Document: Uploads the latest
          document from the record
        - File Name Contains: Uploads documents
          from the record that match file name keywords you enter
        - All Documents: Uploads all documents
          from the record
2. (Optional) Change Template:
   1. Select the Change Template button.

      The Link Docusign Template dialog box opens.
   2. Select the check box next to each template that you want to add or remove, or use the search field to find a template.
   3. Select the Select button.

      The Link Docusign Template dialog box closes. The Documents page opens.
3. Select Next.

## Next steps

You have completed step two. Move to [Step 3: (Optional) Add Recipients to Your Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=dqp1660543842156.html&_LANG=enus "In the third step of creating a linked envelope template, you add recipients and a message to recipients.").
