---
title: 'Envelope Template Error: “One or More of the Dropdown Fields Doesn’t Have
  Any Options.”'
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=whi1616792913585.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:44Z'
---

# Envelope Template Error: “One or More of the Dropdown Fields Doesn’t Have Any Options.”

A workaround is needed when adding a Salesforce picklist merge field to an envelope
template.

A workaround is needed when adding a Salesforce picklist merge field to an envelope
template.

When you try to add that field to a document on the Place Fields page, the action fails. You
see an error message that reads: One or more of the dropdown fields
doesn't have any options.

This is because the Place Fields page is a Docusign account page, and can not access fields
from your Salesforce organization.

Steps to Reproduce:

1. Open a Docusign envelope template as a Salesforce administrator.
2. Select the Place Fields arrow. The Place Fields page opens.
3. Select the Merge Fields menu in the left column.
4. Drag a Salesforce picklist field to the document.

**Result**: You see an error message that reads: One or more of the
dropdown fields doesn't have any options.

## Resolution: Select the Back button and then the Save and Close button

1. Select the Back button at the lower-right of the
   page. The Template Name and Description page
   opens.
2. Select the Save and Close button at the
   lower-right of the page.

   The picklist field is correctly added to the envelope template.
   This issue will be fixed in a future release.
