---
title: Learn About Cloning an Envelope Template in Salesforce
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=xfb1664308717428.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:39Z'
---

# Learn About Cloning an Envelope Template in Salesforce

Learn how to clone one or more envelope templates to use in another Salesforce
organization.

Important: To use the cloning feature, install Docusign Apps Launcher for Salesforce v4.5 or higher. You cannot clone
envelope templates larger than 4 MB.

You can clone Docusign envelope templates from a Salesforce organization.
Cloning helps administrators quickly build templates, without manually recreating them.
You can import cloned templates to the original Salesforce organization or another
organization.

To clone a template, download it from your organization.

When you download a single envelope template, Docusign saves it to your
device as a .JSON file.

When you download multiple envelope templates, Docusign saves them to
your device as a .ZIP file.

Downloaded templates contain all documents, recipients, standard Docusign fields, and Salesforce merge fields with writeback.

You then upload the .JSON or .ZIP file to the target organization. The cloned template is fully
editable, so you can make adjustments.

The following examples show how you can use the cloning feature:

## Cloning to the same organization

You want to create a new envelope template that is similar to an existing template.
You download the template and upload it to the same organization. You rename the
cloned template, make adjustments, and add a new custom button to your layouts.

## Cloning to a different organization

You want to use a sandbox envelope template in your production organization without
manually rebuilding it. You download the template from your sandbox and upload it to
production. The template built in the sandbox organization is ready to use in
production.

Important: Custom fields are tied to the user who
created them. If the creating user is not present in the new organization, imported
custom fields fail. Add the creating user to the new organization or manually
rebuild the custom fields.
