---
title: After Upgrading From Gen to CLM, Administrators Need To Wait an Hour for CLM
  Permissions To Take Effect
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=zqy1617892151289.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:44Z'
---

# After Upgrading From Gen to CLM, Administrators Need To Wait an Hour for CLM Permissions To Take Effect

A workaround is needed after upgrading form Gen to CLM. Administrators need to wait an
hour for their new CLM permissions. After an hour, they need to refresh the Docusign Setup
tab to see the CLM administrator page.

A workaround is needed when you upgrade your Docusign Gen account to Docusign CLM.
Administrators need wait an hour for their new CLM permissions to take effect. After
a full hour, they need to refresh the Docusign Setup tab to see the CLM
administrator page.

Steps to Reproduce:

1. You upgrade your Gen account to CLM.
2. Less than an hour later, as a new CLM administrator, you log in to
   Salesforce.
3. You select the Docusign Setup tab.

**Result**: You see the Gen-Negotiate administrator view, rather than the CLM
administrator view on the Docusign Apps Launcher Home page.

## Resolution: Wait a full hour and refresh the Docusign Setup page twice

1. Wait a full hour after the Gen-to-CLM upgrade.
2. Log in to your Salesforce organization.
3. Select the Docusign Setup tab. The Gen-Negotiate
   administrator page appears.
4. Refresh the tab once. The Gen-Negotiate administrator page appears
   again.
5. Refresh the tab a second time. The CLM administrator page
   appears.

   You have CLM administrator permissions and can access the CLM
   administrator page in the Docusign Setup tab. You do not need to repeat
   this process again. This issue will be fixed in a future
   release.
