---
title: Add Docusign Server Template Options to Your Envelope Template
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=zwj1649782305558.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:46Z'
---

# Add Docusign Server Template Options to Your Envelope Template

Learn how to add previously unavailable options to an envelope template by editing it in
your Docusign account.

Docusign server templates are signing experiences that you build in
your Docusign account. You log on to your Docusign account and select the Templates tab to build or access a
server template.

Docusign envelope templates are signing experiences that you build in your
Salesforce organization with the Docusign eSignature for
Salesforce application. You can open Docusign Apps Launcher in
your Salesforce organization to build an envelope template.

Docusign offers some options in server templates that are not yet
available in envelope templates. However, you can add many of these options to
envelope templates from the server template interface.

Use this procedure to add server template options to your envelope template:

1. Edit an envelope template in your Docusign account:

   1. Log in to your Docusign account as an
      administrator.
   2. Select the Templates tab. The My Templates page
      opens.
   3. Select the template name. The template page opens.
   4. Select Edit. The template layout opens for
      editing.
2. [Add supported server template
   options](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=nsh1649096506753.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how you can add options to an envelope template from a Docusign server template.").
3. Select SAVE AND CLOSE.

   A message displays: saving. The page
   refreshes.
4. Select Save and Close.

   The page refreshes.

You have completed the process. You have added server template
options that are not available in the Docusign envelope template
interface. Envelopes sent from the server template and the envelope template each
contain all options that you added.
