---
title: Learn How Document Writeback Updates Salesforce Fields When Signers Change
  Data on an Envelope
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=srl1586134368658&topicId=zyo1596582471547.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-22T20:07:42Z'
---

# Learn How Document Writeback Updates Salesforce Fields When Signers Change Data on an Envelope

Document Writeback is a process that updates Salesforce data when it is changed by a
Docusign recipient. Salesforce fields are changed, and documents are updated or added to
Salesforce as a result of the eSignature process.

Document Writeback is a process that updates Salesforce data
when it is changed by a Docusign recipient.

Important:

- Document, merge field, and data writeback fails for Salesforce users with
  Multi-Factor Authentication for API Logins
  enabled.
- Data writeback is only available for text fields and picklist (dropdown) fields.
- The Date Signed value writes back to the Salesforce
  Recipient Status record by default.

The following examples demonstrate how writeback works:

Merge Fields Update: An eSignature
recipient updates a Salesforce merge field that was placed on a contract. The recipient
changes the Opportunity Amount field from $20,000 to $25,000.
When the recipient completes the signature, that Amount field in Salesforce is updated
to $25,000.

Save completed documents back to the Salesforce
Record: You send a document for eSignature using a Docusign custom
button. The recipient completes the signing process. Docusign uploads the final signed
version to your Salesforce record.

Stage Update: You send a document
for eSignature using a Docusign custom button. The recipient completes the signing
process. Docusign updates the Salesforce record Stage (Needs Analysis, Closed Won, etc.)
You can set these Document Writeback options when building an envelope template:

Table 1. Writeback Types

| Writeback Type | Writeback Action |
| --- | --- |
| Save completed documents back to the Salesforce Record | Save signed documents back to Salesforce when the signing process is complete |
| Combine all documents into one PDF file | Merge all documents from the envelope into one PDF file |
| Save certificate of completion (COC) document back to the Salesforce Record | Save a certificate containing all envelope events from the signing process |
| Stage Update | Set Salesforce status (Needs Analysis, Closed Won, etc.) when the signature is completed |
