---
title: Use Merge Fields in the Template Message Subject to Customize Envelopes
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=bat1578456393880.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:26Z'
---

# Use Merge Fields in the Template Message Subject to Customize Envelopes

Read about how template creators can use merge fields to customize the envelopes
created from their templates. Inserting recipient name or email address, or envelope custom
fields into the message subject creates customized titles for each envelope sent from a
template.

When you use a template to send envelopes, if you use the message subject as is, the
envelopes will all have the same subject, making it hard to identify a particular one. This
can be especially problematic if you are using the bulk send feature to send the same
documents to many different people at once.

To customize the message subject for each envelope sent from a template, use merge fields to
automatically insert custom data. The template's subject becomes both the
notification message subject and the name of the envelope as shown in the sender's and
recipients' accounts.

## Who can add merge fields

Any template creator can add merge fields to their own templates or when editing any
templates that are shared with them. You must have the appropriate permissions to create
templates in order to customize the template message subject.

## What data can go into a merge field

You can customize a template message subject with one or more of any of the following
template data:

- Recipient name - any role recipient's full name
- Recipient email address - any role recipient's email address
- Envelope custom field (ECF) - any ECF defined on your account and visible to select on
  your template

## What happens if the message subject exceeds the character limit

The message subject is limited to 100 characters. You can insert multiple merge fields into
the subject, up to the 100-character limit. If an envelope generated from a template has a
subject longer than the limit, anything beyond the limit is truncated.

## Merge fields and custom messages

If your template uses the option to  [send custom email messages
for each recipient](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=wxf1578456494201.html&_LANG=enus), you can specify different merge fields for each. However, the envelope name will take on the merge fields applied to the first recipient; notifications to each recipient will use the customized merge fields you set for each role.

## Adding merge fields to the message body

The message subject field for a template offers the drop-down control to insert recipient
info and ECFs. It is also possible to add merge fields to the message body, but only
through manual entry. Simply type the merge field using the same format as when the field is
inserted in the subject. Examples: [[ECF:ECF field name]], [[Role\_UserName]], [[Role\_Email]]

## Merge fields in PowerForms

If your template has a PowerForm, any recipient merge fields defined on the template are
included in PowerForm responses. However, PowerForms do not support ECF merge fields.
