---
title: Welcome to Web Forms
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=brp1660583998599.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:28Z'
---

# Welcome to Web Forms

Read the introduction about Docusign's Web Forms product.

Recipients complete forms for all facets of business. However, creating these forms can be
tedious and prone to human error. It may not be an overall positive recipient
experience. You want to create forms that provide a modern form-filling experience and
generate completed PDFs for signing. Welcome to Web Forms.

A web form is a digital form you build from an eSignature template. Recipients can complete the
web form, and the result is a completed agreement that collects a signature. Instead of
entering data in PDFs, recipients can provide their input in a user-friendly online
form.

Benefits of using Web Forms

Using a web form simplifies and enhances the data collection experience for your organization
in these ways:

- Build and edit interactive web forms with a no-code interface, minimizing information
  technology (IT) costs.
- Enable recipients to easily complete web forms on mobile devices.
- Enable basic form editing, such as adding or configuring fields.
- Add conditional logic to show or hide fields based on recipient input.
- Pre-populate a PDF agreement with data collected from the web form and sends it for
  signature.
- Add scalibility and more sophisticated use cases using Advanced Web Forms.
