---
title: When Can I Merge Recipients?
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=gdz1578456609353.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:28Z'
---

# When Can I Merge Recipients?

In order for recipients to merge, some things must match exactly, and for others there must not be a conflict. The latter requirement applies to access code, authentication method, and private message recipient data. For these criteria, one duplicate recipient can have data specified (e.g., access code) and all other duplicates must not have any conflicting data specified.

Note: Merging recipients must occur before an envelope is sent; you cannot
merge recipients when correcting an envelope.

These are the criteria that must be met in order to merge duplicate recipients:

- **Signing order**: If a signing order is specified, the recipients' position in the order must be an exact match.
- **Role name**: If role names are used, recipient role names must be an exact match.
- **Recipient action**: Same recipient action (Needs to Sign, Receives a Copy,
  etc.).
- **Name and email**: If name and email address are specified, they must be an exact match.
- **Authentication**: Same authentication method, only one duplicate has an authentication method, or none (no conflict). Note that access code can be applied with an authentication method (phone, SMS, or knowledge based). So you can have one recipient with an access code and another with an authentication method and combine these into a single recipient. However, you cannot have two duplicate recipients with an access code or an authentication method unless the specifics are the same for both recipients.
- **Private message**: Same private message, only one duplicate has a private message, or none (no conflict).
