---
title: Include or Exclude Templates From Template Matching
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=huu1578456612903.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:28Z'
---

# Include or Exclude Templates From Template Matching

The matching state determines if the template is evaluated for template matching when you [add files](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=crk1578456412036.html&bundleId=ulp1643236876813&_LANG=enus) to your envelope. An individual template can be in one the following matching states:

- **Eligible for matching**

  When you create a template, it is automatically eligible for template matching. When you
  upload files to Docusign, eligible templates are included in the pool of templates
  evaluated for a match. The template remains eligible as long as it has been used within
  the past 40 days. This is the default matching state for all templates.

  After 40
  days of no activity on an eligible template, the matching state switches to Excluded. The
  template remains in your account, it is just not used for matching.

  You can set an
  eligible template to Included or Excluded.
- **Included in matching**

  If you set the matching behavior for a template to Included, then it is always
  checked for a match. The template remains in the matching pool and never times
  out.

  You can set an included template to Excluded.
- **Excluded from matching**

  If you set the matching behavior for a template to Excluded or an eligible template goes
  unused and switches automatically to Excluded, it is never checked for a match. The
  template remains in your account and you can still use it to create a document or apply it
  manually to an uploaded file.

  You can set an excluded template to Included.

Note: The ability to set the template matching behavior on an individual
template is limited to certain account plans.
