---
title: How To Create a Template
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=lsg1578456368117.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:26Z'
---

# How To Create a Template

Learn how to create a template.

This procedure addresses everything that you can add or set for your template. Most of
these steps are optional, and you can choose exactly how you want to set up your template.
You can save a template at any level of completeness.

1. From the Templates page, select Start >  Envelope Templates >  Create a Template.

   The prepare view displays, where you can add documents, recipient roles, and
   messaging.
2. Enter a name and description for your template.

   These details are for internal use only and won’t be seen by signers.
3. Add documents.

   Upload the documents that will be part of your template.
4. Add recipient roles.

   Add roles as placeholders for recipients. Roles help users identify who should sign
   when they use the template. Roles are not required. However, you must enter a recipient
   for each individual who will act on your document to set up fields on your
   document.

   1. Enter a role name. Enter a unique role to represent each individual who must sign
      your document. Examples: Applicant 1, Applicant 2, Client, Sales Rep.
   2. Select the signing action for each recipient role. Example: Needs to Sign
   3. Set a signing order to control the routing order or route the envelope to the same
      role more than once.
   4. To add additional recipient roles, select ADD RECIPIENT and
      repeat these steps.

   Note: The maximum number of recipients for a single envelope is
   99.
5. Add named recipients.
   1. Enter the recipient's name and email.
   2. Select their signing action.
   3. (Optional) Enter a role for the recipient. Example: Sales Approval
   4. To add more named recipients, select ADD RECIPIENT and
      repeat these steps.
6. Set a routing order for your envelope or add an authentication method.

   Follow the procedure described in the [Add
   Recipients](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=jar1578456351432.html&bundleId=ulp1643236876813&_LANG=enus) guide.
7. Define a standard message for your template, or add private messages for individual
   recipients.

   Follow the procedure described in the [Add
   Messages](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=mpf1578456350875.html&bundleId=ulp1643236876813&_LANG=enus) guide.
8. Select an envelope type.

   This internal attribute classifies your agreement to aid in searching and reporting.
   Follow the procedure described in the [Specify an Envelope
   Type](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=gbo1643332197980&topicId=scd1724821719754.html&_LANG=enus) guide.
9. Set advanced options by selecting ADVANCED OPTIONS from the top
   menu.

   Specify reminder and expiration schedules, or add a password to protect your template
   from being changed. See the [Set Advanced Options](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=tfm1578456367923.html&bundleId=gbo1643332197980&_LANG=enus)
   guide for more information.
10. Finalize your template.
    - To save without adding fields, select SAVE AND
      CLOSE.
    - To add signing fields, select NEXT and follow the steps in
      the [Add Fields to Documents](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=odn1578456409392.html&bundleId=ulp1643236876813&_LANG=enus) guide.
    - To pre-fill document fields, follow the steps in the [Create a Template and Add Pre-fill Fields](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=oqb1611172929107.html&_LANG=enus "Learn how to create a template that contains pre-fill fields. Your senders can use these templates to pre-fill document fields before sending.") guide.
11. When done, select SAVE AND CLOSE.

    Your template is saved and ready to use.
