---
title: Template Basics
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=oxv1578456598913.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:26Z'
---

# Template Basics

This topic describes the basics of using templates.

Templates help streamline the sending process when you frequently send the same or similar documents, or send documents to the same group of people. Templates allow you to create a standard document with any of the [supported file types](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=xln1578456261162.html&bundleId=gbo1643332197980&_LANG=enus), with set recipients and recipient roles, and signing fields. A template can include multiple files and can be sent to one or more recipients, using a signing order or not, as desired. Templates can also contain the signing instructions for the document.

Templates are flexible. You can use a template as is, without making any changes, or you can use a template as a starting point for your document. You can make changes to all aspects of a template, customizing your document however you like.

## EXAMPLE–NDA Template

Your technology start-up regularly meets with potential partners. For each of these
meetings, you require a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) to protect your nascent business
ideas and intellectual property. You create a template and upload your NDA file. You define
a recipient role of "Technology Partner" and set signing fields for the role's signature,
title, company name, and date signed. You define a message for your Document with the
subject "NDA - Please Sign" and some appropriate text in the message field, asking for the
signed document prior to your upcoming meeting.

When you schedule a meeting that requires an NDA, you create a document using your
template, entering the actual contact information for the Technology Partner role that you
defined.

## What's the difference between templates and documents?

Creating a template is as easy as setting up a document. The key difference is that a
document is a one-time transaction and a template is a blueprint for repeatable
transactions. With templates, you can add named persons, just as you do when creating a
regular document. But you can also define placeholder roles, that is,
not an actual person but rather a role that would regularly participate in a transaction
using the template. Typically, with templates you assign roles rather than named persons, as
it's likely your recipients and signers will change every time you use the template.

The NDA template example illustrates a situation where you would set a placeholder role for your template recipient, rather than a named person.
