---
title: Create Templates
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=uab1578456394214.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:26Z'
---

# Create Templates

Creating a template is a lot like starting a document. You add files, recipients,
messages, and signing fields much like when you create a document.

Creating a template is a lot like starting an envelope. You add files, recipients, messages,
and signing fields, and you can add any of the standard [supported
file types](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=xln1578456261162.html&bundleId=gbo1643332197980&_LANG=enus) to your template.

The key difference between creating envelopes and templates is the option to add
placeholder roles to the recipients list. The placeholder role
represents a recipient in the envelopes created when you use the template. When you later
start an envelope using your template, you enter the actual person's information for that
role. Typically, you use placeholder roles for the recipients rather than named persons,
enabling easy reuse for sending to different people.

You can create a template from scratch; or copy an existing template and make changes to it.
You can also use the [Save as Template](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?topicId=fjw1578456298928.html&bundleId=oeq1643226594604&_LANG=enus) feature to make a
template out of any of your envelopes. You can save a template with as little or as much
information as you like. You can save it with just a title or just a document, or any other
level of completeness.

Note: Your access to templates is controlled by your
user permissions, as defined by your Docusign administrator. If you cannot
create or edit, or even use templates, check with your administrator.

## Create complete templates for maximum productivity

If your template is complete, you can save even more time. A complete template contains at
least one of each of the following: file, recipient, and recipient field. Sending an
envelope using a complete template is fast and easy. You simply enter your recipient
information and add the email message. If your account uses envelope custom fields, you can
also enter the field values.

## Share templates

When you share a template, you grant other users and user groups on your account access to
use it to send documents for signature. Provided you have template share permission on your
Docusign account, you can share any template you create. See [Share Templates](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=lrh1578456401532.html&_LANG=enus "Sharing a template allows other users and user groups on your account to access and use it to send documents.") for more information.

## Limit the changes senders can make when they use your template

There are several ways that you can restrict changes when a sender uses a template to send
an envelope. These restrictions provide control over your template and how senders use it.
For more information about how to limit usage and changes, see [Limit Changes to Templates and Template Fields](https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=gsz1578456308195.html&_LANG=enus "Use template and recipient modification settings to limit the types of changes that can be made when your templates are used to send a document. Use the Sender Permission settings to protect fields on a template from being changed or deleted.").

Note: To learn more about Docusign
eSignature templates and best practices, see Docusign University's [Building Advanced Templates: Become a NIGO Ninja Series](https://dsucustomers.docusign.com/page/all-courses?q=Building%20Advanced%20Templates).
