---
title: Template Modification Settings
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=wbk1578456299248.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:26Z'
---

# Template Modification Settings

Read about the template modification settings.

Through the template advanced options settings, you can limit changes to template recipients, messages, and branding. These modification settings, and their effects when the template is used or applied to a document, are as follows:

- Don't allow sender to edit, add, or remove recipients

  Completed recipient information cannot be edited, and recipients cannot be deleted or
  added to the envelope. However, the sender can complete fields of any missing recipient
  information, such as when only a role is provided and the name and email address are
  needed to send the envelope.
- Don't allow senders to edit the subject, email, or private messages

  Protects the email message sent to all recipients, and any private messages
  entered for individual recipients. Anything you enter into these areas on the template is
  carried over to all documents created from the template. If you leave any of these areas
  blank, they will remain so in any template documents.
- Don't allow senders to edit the brand

  Protects the brand setting that you select for your template. Any envelopes sent from the
  template will use the specified brand for email notifications and the signing experience.
