---
title: Sender Permission Field Properties
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=xnd1578456308051.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:26Z'
---

# Sender Permission Field Properties

Read about how to protect template fields from changes or deletion, and how sender
permission settings affect field editing.

You can protect the fields you add to your template from being changed or deleted. When the template is used, depending on which permission properties you set, the sender cannot change or delete protected fields. The sender permission property settings are as follows:

- Restrict changes

  This setting guarantees the field will be present on all envelopes created with the
  template, exactly as it was set up on the template. For all field types, the sender cannot
  delete the field or change the recipient, or modify the placement, size, data label,
  conditional logic, or any other field property setting.

  For text, checkbox, and
  radio button fields, the sender can enter text and make selections. For note fields, the
  sender can enter the note text. However, since the note field size is fixed, only the text
  that fits into the field is included and visible to the recipient.
- Mandatory

  This setting guarantees the field will be present on all envelopes created with the
  template. The sender cannot delete a mandatory field. They can, however, make other
  changes to the field, such as moving, resizing, or setting any other field
  properties.
