---
title: Template Matching Considerations
source_url: https://support.docusign.com/s/document-item?language=en_US&bundleId=xry1643227563338&topicId=xzv1578456623686.html&_LANG=enus
site: support.docusign.com
breadcrumb: []
scraped_at: '2026-06-18T23:19:28Z'
---

# Template Matching Considerations

Learn about template matching when you upload documents to an envelope or manually
apply templates to a document.

Template matching can occur automatically when you upload documents to an envelope and when
you manually apply templates to a document. For each case, there are a couple of rules to
consider when working with template matching.

- Automatic template matching: Requires the uploaded document page
  count be greater than or equal to the template page count. When you upload a
  document, templates with more pages than the document will not be included in the list of
  matching templates.

  For example, your template contains a 5-page document. You upload a
  3-page document that matches the template. However, because the document has fewer pages
  than the template, it does not match to the template. You can still *manually* apply
  the template, but *automatic* template matching will not work.
- **Manually applying a template: Matches pages of the document one to one**. When you
  apply a template manually to an uploaded document, each template is matched to the
  corresponding page in the document.

  For example, you have a 10-page document and you
  apply a 15-page template, along with the recipient and message details. The first 10 pages
  of the template are applied to the first 10 pages of the document. Any fields on the
  subsequent 5 pages in the template are ignored.
- For shared templates, only those shared directly with a user or group are used
  in template matching. The templates shared through a shared folder are
  excluded from the matching process when:
  - The template user isn't an administrator
  - The template user isn't the owner of the template
  - The template is not shared with the Everyone Group
  - The template is not shared with the group of which the user is a member
